Then, Mary and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Brittany and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a necklace to	Brittany
Then, Christine and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a drink to	Christine
Then, Jonathan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a bone to	Jonathan
Then, Katie and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a computer to	Katie
Then, Alexander and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a kiss to	Alexander
Then, Anthony and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Anthony
Then, Shannon and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a drink to	Shannon
Then, Jason and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to	Jason
Then, Ryan and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a basketball to	Ryan
Then, Christopher and James went to the store. James gave a kiss to	Christopher
Then, Sara and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a drink to	Sara
Then, Kenneth and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a bone to	Kenneth
Then, Joshua and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a computer to	Joshua
Then, Ryan and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a bone to	Ryan
Then, Alicia and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Alicia
Then, Katherine and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, Scott and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Emily and Andrew went to the school. Andrew gave a snack to	Emily
Then, Lauren and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a kiss to	Lauren
Then, Matthew and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a snack to	Matthew
Then, Shannon and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Shannon
Then, John and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a necklace to	John
Then, Jose and Christina went to the hospital. Christina gave a ring to	Jose
Then, Stephanie and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a bone to	Stephanie
Then, Joshua and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a drink to	Joshua
Then, Mary and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Angela and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a computer to	Angela
Then, Daniel and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a drink to	Daniel
Then, Kristen and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a necklace to	Kristen
Then, Joshua and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Joshua
Then, William and Eric went to the school. Eric gave a bone to	William
Then, Rebecca and Andrea went to the house. Andrea gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Then, Paul and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Paul
Then, Dustin and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a computer to	Dustin
Then, Jason and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a snack to	Jason
Then, Sean and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a ring to	Sean
Then, Megan and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a snack to	Megan
Then, Ashley and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a ring to	Ashley
Then, Jeremy and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Then, Erica and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Then, Richard and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Richard
Then, Amber and James went to the store. James gave a snack to	Amber
Then, Andrea and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Danielle and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a bone to	Danielle
Then, Eric and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a kiss to	Eric
Then, Bryan and James went to the garden. James gave a ring to	Bryan
Then, Lisa and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to	Lisa
Then, Michael and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a ring to	Michael
Then, Melissa and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a drink to	Melissa
Then, Melissa and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a ring to	Melissa
Then, Brandon and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Michael and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Michael
Then, Megan and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a snack to	Megan
Then, Tiffany and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a computer to	Tiffany
Then, Tyler and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a bone to	Tyler
Then, Tiffany and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a bone to	Tiffany
Then, Dustin and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Dustin
Then, Lisa and James went to the station. James gave a drink to	Lisa
Then, Lindsay and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Jose and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to	Jose
Then, Bradley and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a snack to	Bradley
Then, Timothy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Timothy
Then, Laura and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Laura
Then, Katie and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Katie
Then, Andrea and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Andrea
Then, Nicholas and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a bone to	Nicholas
Then, Christopher and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a computer to	Christopher
Then, Samantha and Allison went to the house. Allison gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Timothy and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a snack to	Timothy
Then, Stephanie and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a ring to	Stephanie
Then, Danielle and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a kiss to	Danielle
Then, Jason and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a drink to	Jason
Then, Kelly and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a ring to	Kelly
Then, Vanessa and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a ring to	Vanessa
Then, Tiffany and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Then, Andrea and James went to the hospital. James gave a basketball to	Andrea
Then, Nathan and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a necklace to	Nathan
Then, Stephanie and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Then, Shannon and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a drink to	Shannon
Then, David and Tiffany went to the station. Tiffany gave a snack to	David
Then, Laura and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to	Laura
Then, Amy and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a computer to	Amy
Then, Patrick and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Patrick
Then, Melissa and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a ring to	Melissa
Then, Alicia and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a computer to	Alicia
Then, Anthony and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a kiss to	Anthony
Then, Rachel and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Steven and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a necklace to	Steven
Then, Paul and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a basketball to	Paul
Then, Joshua and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Richard and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a kiss to	Richard
Then, Shannon and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a basketball to	Shannon
Then, Kelly and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a basketball to	Kelly
Then, Courtney and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a ring to	Courtney
Then, Dustin and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a computer to	Dustin
Then, Emily and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to	Emily
Then, Christine and Jesse went to the school. Jesse gave a drink to	Christine
Then, Kimberly and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a drink to	Kimberly
Then, Daniel and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a drink to	Daniel
Then, Jessica and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a drink to	Jessica
Then, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a ring to	Nicole
Then, Christina and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a ring to	Christina
Then, Aaron and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Kristen and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a bone to	Kristen
Then, Rachel and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a necklace to	Rachel
Then, Amanda and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Amanda
Then, Jeremy and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Then, William and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to	William
Then, Sara and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a computer to	Sara
Then, Lindsay and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a bone to	Lindsay
Then, Michael and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a necklace to	Michael
Then, Samuel and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Samuel
Then, Patrick and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Patrick
Then, Kyle and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a snack to	Kyle
Then, Rachel and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a computer to	Rachel
Then, Charles and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a bone to	Charles
Then, Scott and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Patrick and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a bone to	Patrick
Then, Robert and Steven went to the garden. Steven gave a bone to	Robert
Then, Lisa and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a basketball to	Lisa
Then, Erin and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a drink to	Erin
Then, Jacob and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a computer to	Jacob
Then, Sarah and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a ring to	Sarah
Then, Jason and Rebecca went to the garden. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jason
Then, Michelle and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a basketball to	Michelle
Then, Adam and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Adam
Then, Michael and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Michael
Then, Alexander and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a snack to	Alexander
Then, Jesse and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Jesse
Then, Christina and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a drink to	Christina
Then, Matthew and Adam went to the restaurant. Adam gave a ring to	Matthew
Then, Mary and David went to the house. David gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Thomas and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Thomas
Then, Sarah and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Sarah
Then, Nathan and Kevin went to the office. Kevin gave a kiss to	Nathan
Then, Bryan and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a snack to	Bryan
Then, Samantha and Kristen went to the hospital. Kristen gave a basketball to	Samantha
Then, Alexander and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a basketball to	Alexander
Then, Nicole and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a ring to	Nicole
Then, Jessica and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Jessica
Then, Bryan and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a drink to	Bryan
Then, Alexander and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a kiss to	Alexander
Then, Heather and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a bone to	Heather
Then, Andrea and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to	Andrea
Then, Amanda and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a bone to	Amanda
Then, Lindsay and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a bone to	Lindsay
Then, Katherine and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a necklace to	Katherine
Then, Brandon and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a snack to	Brandon
Then, Christine and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a basketball to	Christine
Then, Stephen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a snack to	Stephen
Then, Justin and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a kiss to	Justin
Then, Jeffrey and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Jeffrey
Then, Jose and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Melissa and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a computer to	Melissa
Then, Jeremy and Heather went to the school. Heather gave a computer to	Jeremy
Then, Kelly and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a basketball to	Kelly
Then, Jennifer and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a snack to	Jennifer
Then, Lisa and Kimberly went to the store. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Lisa
Then, Bradley and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a ring to	Bradley
Then, Kevin and Rebecca went to the store. Rebecca gave a computer to	Kevin
Then, Joshua and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a necklace to	Joshua
Then, Lindsey and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a kiss to	Lindsey
Then, Danielle and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a bone to	Danielle
Then, Brian and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a drink to	Brian
Then, Richard and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a drink to	Richard
Then, Lindsey and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Then, Ryan and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a kiss to	Ryan
Then, Benjamin and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Then, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a computer to	Megan
Then, Mark and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a snack to	Mark
Then, Crystal and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a drink to	Crystal
Then, Dustin and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a kiss to	Dustin
Then, Charles and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a basketball to	Charles
Then, Danielle and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a ring to	Danielle
Then, Christina and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Christina
Then, Anthony and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a basketball to	Anthony
Then, Rachel and John went to the store. John gave a computer to	Rachel
Then, Jamie and Charles went to the restaurant. Charles gave a necklace to	Jamie
Then, Thomas and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Thomas
Then, James and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	James
Then, Jonathan and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Jonathan
Then, Rebecca and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Rebecca
Then, Alexander and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a ring to	Alexander
Then, Travis and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a kiss to	Travis
Then, Jennifer and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a ring to	Jennifer
Then, Erica and Alicia went to the hospital. Alicia gave a ring to	Erica
Then, Joshua and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Bradley and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a snack to	Bradley
Then, Emily and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Emily
Then, Christopher and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a drink to	Christopher
Then, Crystal and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to	Crystal
Then, Samuel and William went to the garden. William gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Kristen and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a ring to	Kristen
Then, David and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a basketball to	David
Then, Kyle and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a drink to	Kyle
Then, Katie and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, Brian and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a snack to	Brian
Then, Erin and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a basketball to	Erin
Then, Courtney and David went to the station. David gave a ring to	Courtney
Then, Sara and John went to the store. John gave a drink to	Sara
Then, Erica and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Then, Samuel and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, Samuel and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Shannon and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a snack to	Shannon
Then, Dustin and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Dustin
Then, Christine and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a snack to	Christine
Then, Nicholas and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a ring to	Nicholas
Then, Shannon and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a ring to	Shannon
Then, Steven and Sara went to the store. Sara gave a drink to	Steven
Then, Vanessa and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a drink to	Vanessa
Then, Sara and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a basketball to	Sara
Then, Tyler and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a basketball to	Tyler
Then, Travis and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a drink to	Travis
Then, Christopher and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a kiss to	Christopher
Then, Nicole and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Sean and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a necklace to	Sean
Then, Courtney and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Courtney
Then, Justin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a snack to	Justin
Then, John and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	John
Then, Jessica and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Jessica
Then, Lindsey and Samantha went to the house. Samantha gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Then, Emily and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a snack to	Emily
Then, Brandon and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Jose and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Tiffany and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Then, Charles and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a computer to	Charles
Then, Brian and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a bone to	Brian
Then, Emily and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to	Emily
Then, Nicole and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a computer to	Nicole
Then, Brittany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a kiss to	Brittany
Then, Kristen and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a drink to	Kristen
Then, Scott and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Bryan and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a kiss to	Bryan
Then, Jacob and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a basketball to	Jacob
Then, Benjamin and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a computer to	Benjamin
Then, Lindsay and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Lindsay
Then, Amber and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a drink to	Amber
Then, Ashley and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Ashley
Then, Matthew and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a drink to	Matthew
Then, Tiffany and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Then, Jose and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a basketball to	Jose
Then, Cody and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a drink to	Cody
Then, Kristen and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Kristen
Then, Jamie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Jamie
Then, Joseph and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a snack to	Joseph
Then, Scott and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a drink to	Scott
Then, Sarah and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a ring to	Sarah
Then, Matthew and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Matthew
Then, Christine and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a ring to	Christine
Then, Dustin and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a ring to	Dustin
Then, Mark and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a drink to	Mark
Then, Amanda and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a bone to	Amanda
Then, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to	Megan
Then, Stephanie and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Stephanie
Then, Dustin and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Dustin
Then, Brandon and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Brandon
Then, Lindsay and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a snack to	Lindsay
Then, Adam and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Adam
Then, Stephanie and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Then, Stephen and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a necklace to	Stephen
Then, Thomas and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a bone to	Thomas
Then, Megan and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Megan
Then, Rachel and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a kiss to	Rachel
Then, Adam and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a snack to	Adam
Then, Stephanie and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Then, William and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a computer to	William
Then, Allison and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to	Allison
Then, Danielle and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a drink to	Danielle
Then, Bradley and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to	Bradley
Then, Dustin and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a bone to	Dustin
Then, Mary and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	Mary
Then, Samuel and Crystal went to the school. Crystal gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Kelly and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Then, Amy and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Tiffany and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Then, Richard and Steven went to the office. Steven gave a ring to	Richard
Then, Erin and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a bone to	Erin
Then, Lisa and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to	Lisa
Then, Tyler and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to	Tyler
Then, Ashley and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a bone to	Ashley
Then, Eric and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to	Eric
Then, David and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a kiss to	David
Then, Melissa and Elizabeth went to the office. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Melissa
Then, Rachel and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a snack to	Rachel
Then, Kenneth and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Then, Patrick and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a snack to	Patrick
Then, Courtney and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a drink to	Courtney
Then, James and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a necklace to	James
Then, Vanessa and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Then, Rachel and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Angela and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a kiss to	Angela
Then, Lindsay and Kelly went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to	Lindsay
Then, Samantha and John went to the school. John gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Rachel and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Kelly and Rachel went to the school. Rachel gave a bone to	Kelly
Then, Richard and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a bone to	Richard
Then, Megan and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Megan
Then, Scott and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Katie and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Katie
Then, Christine and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a kiss to	Christine
Then, Lisa and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to	Lisa
Then, Jason and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a snack to	Jason
Then, Thomas and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Thomas
Then, Crystal and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a necklace to	Crystal
Then, Richard and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a computer to	Richard
Then, Anthony and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a snack to	Anthony
Then, Ashley and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Ashley
Then, Katie and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, Andrea and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a snack to	Andrea
Then, Michelle and Aaron went to the station. Aaron gave a snack to	Michelle
Then, Amy and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a drink to	Amy
Then, Steven and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a bone to	Steven
Then, Andrea and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Shannon and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a snack to	Shannon
Then, Mary and William went to the restaurant. William gave a computer to	Mary
Then, Nicole and Emily went to the store. Emily gave a ring to	Nicole
Then, Andrea and Elizabeth went to the station. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Nathan and William went to the station. William gave a kiss to	Nathan
Then, William and Mary went to the station. Mary gave a basketball to	William
Then, Jacob and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Then, Kyle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Kyle
Then, Brandon and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a basketball to	Brandon
Then, Jeffrey and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Then, Tyler and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a drink to	Tyler
Then, Bradley and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Bradley
Then, Brandon and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Tiffany and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a snack to	Tiffany
Then, Jacob and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a bone to	Jacob
Then, Danielle and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a basketball to	Danielle
Then, Lindsay and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a drink to	Lindsay
Then, Courtney and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a basketball to	Courtney
Then, Kevin and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a bone to	Kevin
Then, Courtney and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a necklace to	Courtney
Then, Scott and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Scott
Then, Shannon and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a ring to	Shannon
Then, Alicia and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a snack to	Alicia
Then, Angela and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Angela
Then, Stephen and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a computer to	Stephen
Then, Robert and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a computer to	Robert
Then, Eric and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a necklace to	Eric
Then, Thomas and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a necklace to	Thomas
Then, Jacob and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a ring to	Jacob
Then, Andrea and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a computer to	Andrea
Then, Michelle and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a necklace to	Michelle
Then, Kyle and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to	Kyle
Then, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Jesse
Then, Amanda and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amanda
Then, Brandon and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Kevin and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a drink to	Kevin
Then, Erin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Erin
Then, Tyler and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Tyler
Then, Ryan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a ring to	Ryan
Then, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Amber
Then, Amanda and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a necklace to	Amanda
Then, Alexander and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a computer to	Alexander
Then, Christopher and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a basketball to	Christopher
Then, Shannon and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Shannon
Then, Stephanie and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Then, Katie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Katie
Then, Robert and William went to the station. William gave a snack to	Robert
Then, Amy and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Joshua and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a basketball to	Joshua
Then, Ashley and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to	Ashley
Then, Jose and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Sara and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Sara
Then, Rebecca and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Then, Andrea and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to	Andrea
Then, Jeremy and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Then, Mary and John went to the station. John gave a kiss to	Mary
Then, Dustin and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a computer to	Dustin
Then, Tyler and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a computer to	Tyler
Then, Brian and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a snack to	Brian
Then, Jesse and Vanessa went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a drink to	Jesse
Then, Jose and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a snack to	Jose
Then, Kelly and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a drink to	Kelly
Then, John and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a snack to	John
Then, Emily and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a computer to	Emily
Then, Elizabeth and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Elizabeth
Then, John and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a computer to	John
Then, Jessica and Samuel went to the house. Samuel gave a bone to	Jessica
Then, Jessica and Kyle went to the hospital. Kyle gave a bone to	Jessica
Then, Christina and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a bone to	Christina
Then, Jacob and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a computer to	Jacob
Then, Sara and Gregory went to the house. Gregory gave a snack to	Sara
Then, Michelle and James went to the restaurant. James gave a kiss to	Michelle
Then, Amber and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a necklace to	Amber
Then, Benjamin and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Then, Travis and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a basketball to	Travis
Then, David and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a kiss to	David
Then, Vanessa and James went to the house. James gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Then, Ryan and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a snack to	Ryan
Then, Jacob and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a ring to	Jacob
Then, Kyle and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a drink to	Kyle
Then, Katie and Tyler went to the hospital. Tyler gave a drink to	Katie
Then, Brittany and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a bone to	Brittany
Then, Christine and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a computer to	Christine
Then, Laura and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a computer to	Laura
Then, Tyler and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Tyler
Then, Daniel and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a kiss to	Daniel
Then, Jeremy and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a necklace to	Jeremy
Then, Daniel and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a snack to	Daniel
Then, Katie and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a drink to	Katie
Then, Jessica and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a kiss to	Jessica
Then, Daniel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a basketball to	Daniel
Then, Eric and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a basketball to	Eric
Then, Scott and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a bone to	Scott
Then, Ryan and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Ryan
Then, Megan and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a kiss to	Megan
Then, Jacob and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a drink to	Jacob
Then, William and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a kiss to	William
Then, Elizabeth and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Then, Tyler and Nathan went to the house. Nathan gave a necklace to	Tyler
Then, Jose and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a drink to	Jose
Then, Jessica and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a drink to	Jessica
Then, Sean and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a computer to	Sean
Then, Bryan and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a drink to	Bryan
Then, Shannon and Benjamin went to the store. Benjamin gave a bone to	Shannon
Then, Michael and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a drink to	Michael
Then, Stephanie and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a bone to	Stephanie
Then, Rebecca and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a drink to	Rebecca
Then, Aaron and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a bone to	Aaron
Then, Kenneth and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a basketball to	Kenneth
Then, Allison and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a necklace to	Allison
Then, Andrea and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a kiss to	Andrea
Then, Cody and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a ring to	Cody
Then, Lauren and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a bone to	Lauren
Then, Melissa and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a snack to	Melissa
Then, Jeffrey and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a drink to	Jeffrey
Then, Andrew and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a bone to	Andrew
Then, Gregory and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a kiss to	Gregory
Then, Elizabeth and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Then, Patrick and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Patrick
Then, Laura and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a snack to	Laura
Then, Brian and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to	Brian
Then, Kenneth and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Then, Mark and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a computer to	Mark
Then, Justin and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a computer to	Justin
Then, Charles and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Charles
Then, Alicia and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a snack to	Alicia
Then, Kristen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a basketball to	Kristen
Then, Melissa and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a kiss to	Melissa
Then, Katherine and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a computer to	Katherine
Then, Tyler and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Tyler
Then, Alicia and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a snack to	Alicia
Then, Samuel and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Adam and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a kiss to	Adam
Then, James and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a necklace to	James
Then, Sean and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a kiss to	Sean
Then, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the hospital. Elizabeth gave a computer to	Kimberly
Then, Brandon and Heather went to the store. Heather gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Mark and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to	Mark
Then, Joshua and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a bone to	Joshua
Then, Crystal and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to	Crystal
Then, Dustin and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a necklace to	Dustin
Then, Amber and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to	Amber
Then, Ryan and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a kiss to	Ryan
Then, Erica and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Erica
Then, Paul and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a basketball to	Paul
Then, Joseph and Jessica went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to	Joseph
Then, Amanda and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a basketball to	Amanda
Then, Patrick and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a kiss to	Patrick
Then, Rachel and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a computer to	Rachel
Then, Emily and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a computer to	Emily
Then, Jamie and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a ring to	Jamie
Then, Matthew and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a ring to	Matthew
Then, Steven and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a snack to	Steven
Then, Scott and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a kiss to	Scott
Then, Kimberly and Aaron went to the office. Aaron gave a ring to	Kimberly
Then, Mary and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Steven and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a computer to	Steven
Then, Heather and Amy went to the store. Amy gave a computer to	Heather
Then, Mary and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a kiss to	Mary
Then, Vanessa and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Then, Kenneth and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Kenneth
Then, Lauren and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a necklace to	Lauren
Then, Bradley and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a bone to	Bradley
Then, Matthew and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a snack to	Matthew
Then, Emily and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Then, Adam and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Adam
Then, Vanessa and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a computer to	Vanessa
Then, Mary and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Michelle and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a computer to	Michelle
Then, Kelly and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Then, Paul and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a bone to	Paul
Then, Jeffrey and Charles went to the hospital. Charles gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Then, Aaron and Ryan went to the garden. Ryan gave a bone to	Aaron
Then, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Justin and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a necklace to	Justin
Then, Erin and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a basketball to	Erin
Then, Laura and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Laura
Then, William and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	William
Then, Sean and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to	Sean
Then, Cody and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a necklace to	Cody
Then, Vanessa and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a bone to	Vanessa
Then, Courtney and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a kiss to	Courtney
Then, Benjamin and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a ring to	Benjamin
Then, Andrew and Christopher went to the store. Christopher gave a bone to	Andrew
Then, Adam and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a kiss to	Adam
Then, Melissa and Jennifer went to the house. Jennifer gave a bone to	Melissa
Then, Rebecca and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Rebecca
Then, Travis and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to	Travis
Then, Rebecca and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Rebecca
Then, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a necklace to	Emily
Then, Ashley and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a bone to	Ashley
Then, Daniel and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a kiss to	Daniel
Then, Justin and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a drink to	Justin
Then, Cody and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a necklace to	Cody
Then, Charles and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a necklace to	Charles
Then, Brandon and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Andrea and James went to the garden. James gave a necklace to	Andrea
Then, Joshua and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a drink to	Joshua
Then, Nicholas and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a drink to	Nicholas
Then, Katherine and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a kiss to	Katherine
Then, Kimberly and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a kiss to	Kimberly
Then, Courtney and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a drink to	Courtney
Then, Jeremy and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a bone to	Jeremy
Then, Mary and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to	Mary
Then, Erica and Nicole went to the office. Nicole gave a snack to	Erica
Then, Rachel and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Ryan and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a bone to	Ryan
Then, Elizabeth and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Then, Aaron and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a necklace to	Aaron
Then, Brian and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a ring to	Brian
Then, Andrew and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a necklace to	Andrew
Then, Amy and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Sarah and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a drink to	Sarah
Then, Christina and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a snack to	Christina
Then, Brandon and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Kristen and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a computer to	Kristen
Then, Nicole and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Nicole
Then, Kevin and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a drink to	Kevin
Then, Tyler and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Jacob and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to	Jacob
Then, Timothy and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a ring to	Timothy
Then, Thomas and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a kiss to	Thomas
Then, Courtney and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a ring to	Courtney
Then, Lisa and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a basketball to	Lisa
Then, Jeffrey and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a basketball to	Jeffrey
Then, Sean and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a drink to	Sean
Then, James and Courtney went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a drink to	James
Then, Kenneth and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a bone to	Kenneth
Then, Vanessa and Jason went to the store. Jason gave a ring to	Vanessa
Then, Scott and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a bone to	Scott
Then, Samuel and Joseph went to the hospital. Joseph gave a computer to	Samuel
Then, Kenneth and Tyler went to the house. Tyler gave a ring to	Kenneth
Then, Patrick and John went to the office. John gave a drink to	Patrick
Then, Eric and William went to the office. William gave a necklace to	Eric
Then, Andrew and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a snack to	Andrew
Then, Nicole and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Nicole
Then, Erica and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Erica
Then, Nicole and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Courtney and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a bone to	Courtney
Then, Andrea and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a snack to	Andrea
Then, Emily and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Emily
Then, Jennifer and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a kiss to	Jennifer
Then, Sarah and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a necklace to	Sarah
Then, Erica and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a basketball to	Erica
Then, Amy and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a basketball to	Amy
Then, Nicole and Timothy went to the station. Timothy gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Mary and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a basketball to	Mary
Then, Danielle and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to	Danielle
Then, Brian and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Brian
Then, Brian and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a necklace to	Brian
Then, Amber and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a drink to	Amber
Then, David and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to	David
Then, Amanda and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a ring to	Amanda
Then, Angela and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a snack to	Angela
Then, Justin and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Justin
Then, Samantha and Nicholas went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a computer to	Samantha
Then, Steven and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a snack to	Steven
Then, Erica and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Erica
Then, Bryan and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Bryan
Then, Rachel and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a drink to	Rachel
Then, Jacob and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a ring to	Jacob
Then, Stephanie and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Stephanie
Then, Mary and Katie went to the house. Katie gave a computer to	Mary
Then, Thomas and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a drink to	Thomas
Then, Laura and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a computer to	Laura
Then, Brittany and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a snack to	Brittany
Then, Ryan and Sean went to the store. Sean gave a bone to	Ryan
Then, Elizabeth and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Then, Travis and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a computer to	Travis
Then, Jennifer and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a basketball to	Jennifer
Then, Lisa and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a basketball to	Lisa
Then, Thomas and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a ring to	Thomas
Then, Kelly and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a kiss to	Kelly
Then, Steven and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a bone to	Steven
Then, Bradley and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a ring to	Bradley
Then, Jacob and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Jacob
Then, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Laura and Charles went to the school. Charles gave a kiss to	Laura
Then, Ashley and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Then, Joshua and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a computer to	Joshua
Then, Elizabeth and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Then, Laura and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Laura
Then, Brittany and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a snack to	Brittany
Then, Lindsay and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Lindsay
Then, Stephen and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to	Stephen
Then, Mary and Megan went to the office. Megan gave a necklace to	Mary
Then, Timothy and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Timothy
Then, Kelly and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a computer to	Kelly
Then, Katie and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a computer to	Katie
Then, Heather and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a snack to	Heather
Then, Bryan and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Bryan
Then, Jamie and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to	Jamie
Then, Paul and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Paul
Then, Jamie and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a computer to	Jamie
Then, Timothy and Bryan went to the store. Bryan gave a snack to	Timothy
Then, Adam and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Adam
Then, Christina and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a snack to	Christina
Then, Patrick and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a bone to	Patrick
Then, Amy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Amy
Then, James and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a basketball to	James
Then, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Then, Ashley and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to	Ashley
Then, Thomas and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to	Thomas
Then, Jennifer and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a drink to	Jennifer
Then, Stephen and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to	Stephen
Then, Andrew and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Andrew
Then, Stephanie and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a computer to	Stephanie
Then, Alexander and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a ring to	Alexander
Then, Emily and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to	Emily
Then, Charles and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a necklace to	Charles
Then, Matthew and Joshua went to the hospital. Joshua gave a computer to	Matthew
Then, Aaron and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a basketball to	Aaron
Then, Melissa and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a computer to	Melissa
Then, Lisa and Dustin went to the station. Dustin gave a drink to	Lisa
Then, John and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a bone to	John
Then, Christine and James went to the office. James gave a snack to	Christine
Then, Kristen and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a bone to	Kristen
Then, Rebecca and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to	Rebecca
Then, Laura and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a ring to	Laura
Then, Samantha and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a computer to	Samantha
Then, James and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a snack to	James
Then, Christopher and Richard went to the house. Richard gave a basketball to	Christopher
Then, Tyler and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a kiss to	Tyler
Then, Charles and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to	Charles
Then, Joseph and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a snack to	Joseph
Then, Scott and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Thomas and Danielle went to the station. Danielle gave a computer to	Thomas
Then, Jose and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a computer to	Jose
Then, Laura and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a drink to	Laura
Then, John and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	John
Then, Tiffany and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a computer to	Tiffany
Then, Bradley and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Bradley
Then, Emily and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Emily
Then, Katherine and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a snack to	Katherine
Then, Scott and Jesse went to the hospital. Jesse gave a ring to	Scott
Then, David and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	David
Then, Jesse and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Jesse
Then, Jesse and Amanda went to the office. Amanda gave a ring to	Jesse
Then, Nicole and Thomas went to the store. Thomas gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Tyler and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a ring to	Tyler
Then, Jacob and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Then, Alicia and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a ring to	Alicia
Then, Tyler and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a basketball to	Tyler
Then, Alexander and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a drink to	Alexander
Then, Laura and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a computer to	Laura
Then, Kenneth and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a drink to	Kenneth
Then, Patrick and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a necklace to	Patrick
Then, William and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a kiss to	William
Then, Amber and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amber
Then, Eric and David went to the restaurant. David gave a snack to	Eric
Then, Ashley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Then, Heather and Mary went to the store. Mary gave a kiss to	Heather
Then, Erica and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a ring to	Erica
Then, Jessica and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to	Jessica
Then, Kelly and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a bone to	Kelly
Then, Rebecca and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Rebecca
Then, Sean and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a drink to	Sean
Then, Patrick and Sarah went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a ring to	Patrick
Then, Kimberly and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a computer to	Kimberly
Then, Vanessa and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a computer to	Vanessa
Then, Cody and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a bone to	Cody
Then, Lisa and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a ring to	Lisa
Then, Nathan and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a computer to	Nathan
Then, Jeffrey and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Jeffrey
Then, Brandon and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Vanessa and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Then, Stephen and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a snack to	Stephen
Then, Brandon and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Ashley and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a basketball to	Ashley
Then, Amber and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a necklace to	Amber
Then, Angela and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to	Angela
Then, Laura and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a snack to	Laura
Then, Cody and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Cody
Then, Tyler and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Tyler
Then, Samantha and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	Samantha
Then, Stephanie and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Then, Anthony and Kenneth went to the hospital. Kenneth gave a drink to	Anthony
Then, Samantha and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a computer to	Samantha
Then, Laura and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a basketball to	Laura
Then, Andrea and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a basketball to	Andrea
Then, Stephanie and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a computer to	Stephanie
Then, Samantha and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Eric and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a drink to	Eric
Then, Aaron and David went to the house. David gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Joshua and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Amy and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Amy
Then, Jeremy and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Then, Aaron and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Elizabeth and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Then, Kyle and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a basketball to	Kyle
Then, Nicholas and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a basketball to	Nicholas
Then, Laura and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a basketball to	Laura
Then, Gregory and Brandon went to the office. Brandon gave a bone to	Gregory
Then, Melissa and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a snack to	Melissa
Then, Matthew and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a computer to	Matthew
Then, Gregory and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a bone to	Gregory
Then, Rebecca and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Then, Ryan and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Ryan
Then, Stephanie and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Then, Ryan and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a basketball to	Ryan
Then, Amanda and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a kiss to	Amanda
Then, Adam and Matthew went to the hospital. Matthew gave a drink to	Adam
Then, Samuel and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, Stephen and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a snack to	Stephen
Then, Thomas and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to	Thomas
Then, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Kimberly
Then, Heather and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Heather
Then, Brittany and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a bone to	Brittany
Then, Joseph and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Joseph
Then, Jonathan and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a necklace to	Jonathan
Then, Jose and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jose
Then, Stephanie and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Stephanie
Then, Benjamin and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a snack to	Benjamin
Then, Elizabeth and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a ring to	Elizabeth
Then, Lisa and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Lisa
Then, Shannon and John went to the office. John gave a ring to	Shannon
Then, Danielle and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Danielle
Then, Tyler and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Kristen and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Kristen
Then, Jacob and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to	Jacob
Then, Cody and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a bone to	Cody
Then, Robert and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to	Robert
Then, Erica and Jeffrey went to the station. Jeffrey gave a drink to	Erica
Then, Jacob and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a necklace to	Jacob
Then, Matthew and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Matthew
Then, Tiffany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a snack to	Tiffany
Then, Stephen and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Stephen
Then, Christopher and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a ring to	Christopher
Then, Brian and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a necklace to	Brian
Then, Angela and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, Mary and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Samantha and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Steven and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a drink to	Steven
Then, Lindsay and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Justin and Sara went to the house. Sara gave a basketball to	Justin
Then, Joshua and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a drink to	Joshua
Then, William and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to	William
Then, William and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	William
Then, Jonathan and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a drink to	Jonathan
Then, Jessica and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Jessica
Then, Richard and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to	Richard
Then, Charles and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to	Charles
Then, Mary and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Nicholas and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a snack to	Nicholas
Then, Gregory and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a kiss to	Gregory
Then, Nicole and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Kristen and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Kristen
Then, Jeremy and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a drink to	Jeremy
Then, Ashley and Vanessa went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a bone to	Ashley
Then, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Tiffany
Then, Jonathan and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Then, Sean and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Sean
Then, Daniel and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a necklace to	Daniel
Then, Jamie and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to	Jamie
Then, Jacob and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a necklace to	Jacob
Then, Amy and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Amy
Then, Paul and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a snack to	Paul
Then, Jennifer and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a drink to	Jennifer
Then, William and Emily went to the hospital. Emily gave a basketball to	William
Then, Lauren and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a basketball to	Lauren
Then, Paul and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a kiss to	Paul
Then, Stephanie and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a computer to	Stephanie
Then, Justin and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a necklace to	Justin
Then, Ashley and William went to the store. William gave a computer to	Ashley
Then, Danielle and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a ring to	Danielle
Then, Nicole and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a ring to	Nicole
Then, Samantha and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to	Samantha
Then, Kristen and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Kristen
Then, Nicole and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Dustin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a computer to	Dustin
Then, Amy and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a basketball to	Amy
Then, Ashley and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a basketball to	Ashley
Then, Jason and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a snack to	Jason
Then, Kyle and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to	Kyle
Then, Richard and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a necklace to	Richard
Then, Mark and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Mark
Then, Nathan and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a drink to	Nathan
Then, Stephanie and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Then, Steven and Dustin went to the house. Dustin gave a basketball to	Steven
Then, Jesse and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a basketball to	Jesse
Then, Sara and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a drink to	Sara
Then, Amanda and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a basketball to	Amanda
Then, Nicole and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Nicole
Then, Bradley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a computer to	Bradley
Then, Thomas and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a computer to	Thomas
Then, Angela and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a kiss to	Angela
Then, Ryan and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a computer to	Ryan
Then, Joseph and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a snack to	Joseph
Then, Thomas and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to	Thomas
Then, Melissa and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a necklace to	Melissa
Then, Brian and Brandon went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a basketball to	Brian
Then, Kimberly and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a ring to	Kimberly
Then, Andrea and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Andrea
Then, Scott and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a kiss to	Scott
Then, David and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a drink to	David
Then, Michelle and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Michelle
Then, Jose and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a basketball to	Jose
Then, Katherine and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Katherine
Then, Christina and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to	Christina
Then, Sara and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a computer to	Sara
Then, Lindsay and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Lindsay
Then, Amber and Patrick went to the station. Patrick gave a snack to	Amber
Then, Katherine and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, James and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a bone to	James
Then, Jeremy and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to	Jeremy
Then, Christina and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a snack to	Christina
Then, Mary and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Robert and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Robert
Then, Timothy and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a drink to	Timothy
Then, Mary and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Mary
Then, Brandon and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a drink to	Brandon
Then, Jamie and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a drink to	Jamie
Then, Jeffrey and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Then, Tiffany and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Jesse and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a kiss to	Jesse
Then, Brittany and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brittany
Then, Lindsay and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to	Lindsay
Then, Jonathan and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Then, Mark and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Mark
Then, Aaron and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Jose and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Jose
Then, Kristen and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a bone to	Kristen
Then, Nicole and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Nicole
Then, Jacob and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Jacob
Then, Erin and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Erin
Then, Jacob and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a ring to	Jacob
Then, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a bone to	Stephen
Then, Courtney and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a bone to	Courtney
Then, Lindsay and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a computer to	Lindsay
Then, Cody and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a snack to	Cody
Then, Mary and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Mary
Then, Amy and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Paul and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a necklace to	Paul
Then, Richard and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a snack to	Richard
Then, Andrew and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a basketball to	Andrew
Then, Nicholas and Alicia went to the station. Alicia gave a drink to	Nicholas
Then, Sara and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Sara
Then, Matthew and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	Matthew
Then, Katie and Stephen went to the house. Stephen gave a kiss to	Katie
Then, Stephen and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Stephen
Then, Dustin and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a kiss to	Dustin
Then, Jennifer and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Jennifer
Then, Jason and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a kiss to	Jason
Then, Stephen and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a bone to	Stephen
Then, Jose and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Robert and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a bone to	Robert
Then, Heather and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Heather
Then, Erin and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Erin
Then, Samuel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Kevin and James went to the office. James gave a ring to	Kevin
Then, Crystal and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a necklace to	Crystal
Then, Andrea and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a ring to	Andrea
Then, Rachel and Michael went to the house. Michael gave a basketball to	Rachel
Then, Amanda and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a ring to	Amanda
Then, Joseph and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a bone to	Joseph
Then, Andrea and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a drink to	Andrea
Then, Sara and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a necklace to	Sara
Then, Patrick and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Patrick
Then, Lindsay and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a snack to	Lindsay
Then, John and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a drink to	John
Then, Ryan and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Ryan
Then, Amy and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a snack to	Amy
Then, Anthony and Sara went to the school. Sara gave a snack to	Anthony
Then, Scott and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a drink to	Scott
Then, Kristen and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a basketball to	Kristen
Then, Christina and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Christina
Then, Bryan and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a ring to	Bryan
Then, Richard and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Richard
Then, Christine and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a drink to	Christine
Then, Amber and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a ring to	Amber
Then, Tyler and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a ring to	Tyler
Then, Richard and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a snack to	Richard
Then, Jason and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a ring to	Jason
Then, Aaron and Michelle went to the store. Michelle gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Mark and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to	Mark
Then, Katie and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to	Katie
Then, Mark and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Mark
Then, William and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a snack to	William
Then, Patrick and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a necklace to	Patrick
Then, Crystal and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a ring to	Crystal
Then, Gregory and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a drink to	Gregory
Then, Richard and Katie went to the restaurant. Katie gave a computer to	Richard
Then, Lindsey and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Then, Amy and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a bone to	Amy
Then, Sarah and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Sarah
Then, Courtney and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a drink to	Courtney
Then, Eric and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a drink to	Eric
Then, Jessica and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a ring to	Jessica
Then, Scott and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Alicia and Jacob went to the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to	Alicia
Then, Kristen and Jesse went to the garden. Jesse gave a ring to	Kristen
Then, Cody and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a bone to	Cody
Then, Lauren and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a kiss to	Lauren
Then, Anthony and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a bone to	Anthony
Then, Lisa and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a kiss to	Lisa
Then, Adam and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a bone to	Adam
Then, Tyler and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Mark and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a basketball to	Mark
Then, James and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a snack to	James
Then, Eric and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a ring to	Eric
Then, Joshua and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a kiss to	Joshua
Then, Andrea and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a drink to	Andrea
Then, Kyle and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a bone to	Kyle
Then, Nathan and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Nathan
Then, Laura and James went to the restaurant. James gave a computer to	Laura
Then, Rachel and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to	Rachel
Then, Kenneth and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Then, Robert and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a necklace to	Robert
Then, Tyler and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a drink to	Tyler
Then, Robert and Brian went to the office. Brian gave a snack to	Robert
Then, Adam and Andrea went to the store. Andrea gave a drink to	Adam
Then, Michael and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a bone to	Michael
Then, Allison and William went to the office. William gave a drink to	Allison
Then, Amber and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Amber
Then, Brittany and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Brittany
Then, Patrick and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jamie gave a computer to	Patrick
Then, Bryan and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a drink to	Bryan
Then, Ashley and Lauren went to the office. Lauren gave a necklace to	Ashley
Then, David and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a necklace to	David
Then, Brandon and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Erica and Joseph went to the house. Joseph gave a drink to	Erica
Then, William and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a necklace to	William
Then, Charles and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Charles
Then, Steven and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a kiss to	Steven
Then, Cody and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a ring to	Cody
Then, Mary and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a drink to	Mary
Then, Elizabeth and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a bone to	Elizabeth
Then, Amy and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Amy
Then, Cody and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a kiss to	Cody
Then, William and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	William
Then, Katie and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to	Katie
Then, Bradley and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a bone to	Bradley
Then, Anthony and Michael went to the garden. Michael gave a ring to	Anthony
Then, Brandon and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a ring to	Brandon
Then, Joseph and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a drink to	Joseph
Then, Emily and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Then, Samuel and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Samuel
Then, Brittany and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a drink to	Brittany
Then, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a ring to	Megan
Then, Nicole and William went to the house. William gave a drink to	Nicole
Then, Dustin and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a snack to	Dustin
Then, Anthony and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a drink to	Anthony
Then, Travis and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a drink to	Travis
Then, Gregory and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a snack to	Gregory
Then, Joshua and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a kiss to	Joshua
Then, Courtney and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a kiss to	Courtney
Then, Dustin and John went to the store. John gave a basketball to	Dustin
Then, Amy and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to	Amy
Then, Jacob and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Jacob
Then, Sarah and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to	Sarah
Then, Scott and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a snack to	Scott
Then, Aaron and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a ring to	Aaron
Then, Katherine and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Katherine
Then, Kimberly and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a computer to	Kimberly
Then, Amy and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Kenneth and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Then, Kyle and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a computer to	Kyle
Then, Jason and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a drink to	Jason
Then, Jeffrey and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Then, Steven and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a kiss to	Steven
Then, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a snack to	Gregory
Then, Kyle and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a ring to	Kyle
Then, Joseph and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Joseph
Then, Kevin and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a necklace to	Kevin
Then, Benjamin and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a ring to	Benjamin
Then, Gregory and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a basketball to	Gregory
Then, Lauren and Angela went to the school. Angela gave a necklace to	Lauren
Then, Stephanie and John went to the office. John gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Then, Brandon and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Charles and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a ring to	Charles
Then, Shannon and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a necklace to	Shannon
Then, Courtney and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a bone to	Courtney
Then, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a necklace to	Gregory
Then, Charles and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Charles
Then, Daniel and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a bone to	Daniel
Then, Rachel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a necklace to	Rachel
Then, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Danielle and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a bone to	Danielle
Then, Allison and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a snack to	Allison
Then, Christopher and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a ring to	Christopher
Then, Erica and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a bone to	Erica
Then, Bryan and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a ring to	Bryan
Then, Christine and Jose went to the restaurant. Jose gave a bone to	Christine
Then, Sean and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a necklace to	Sean
Then, Kevin and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Kevin
Then, Michael and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Michael
Then, William and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a bone to	William
Then, Alexander and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a kiss to	Alexander
Then, Samantha and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a drink to	Samantha
Then, Sarah and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a bone to	Sarah
Then, Samuel and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, William and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a necklace to	William
Then, Mary and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Stephen and Heather went to the hospital. Heather gave a kiss to	Stephen
Then, Jacob and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a ring to	Jacob
Then, Samuel and Lisa went to the school. Lisa gave a computer to	Samuel
Then, Brian and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a ring to	Brian
Then, Michael and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a basketball to	Michael
Then, Jeffrey and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Then, William and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to	William
Then, Nathan and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a ring to	Nathan
Then, Timothy and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a snack to	Timothy
Then, Jason and Christina went to the restaurant. Christina gave a necklace to	Jason
Then, Jose and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Adam and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a bone to	Adam
Then, Crystal and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a ring to	Crystal
Then, Stephanie and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Then, Gregory and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a computer to	Gregory
Then, Nathan and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a basketball to	Nathan
Then, Robert and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a kiss to	Robert
Then, Brandon and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to	Brandon
Then, Bradley and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a snack to	Bradley
Then, Rachel and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a snack to	Rachel
Then, Aaron and David went to the station. David gave a basketball to	Aaron
Then, Rachel and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a basketball to	Rachel
Then, Ashley and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a computer to	Ashley
Then, Andrew and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a drink to	Andrew
Then, Crystal and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a kiss to	Crystal
Then, Lauren and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a drink to	Lauren
Then, Ashley and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a basketball to	Ashley
Then, Elizabeth and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Then, Danielle and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a snack to	Danielle
Then, Jose and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a kiss to	Jose
Then, Matthew and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a ring to	Matthew
Then, Kevin and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a computer to	Kevin
Then, Michelle and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a bone to	Michelle
Then, Amanda and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a computer to	Amanda
Then, Melissa and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a bone to	Melissa
Then, Elizabeth and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Then, Rebecca and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a basketball to	Rebecca
Then, Scott and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a snack to	Scott
Then, Joseph and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a drink to	Joseph
Then, Nathan and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a kiss to	Nathan
Then, Laura and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a necklace to	Laura
Then, Vanessa and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Then, William and Laura went to the office. Laura gave a bone to	William
Then, William and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a basketball to	William
Then, Joshua and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a kiss to	Joshua
Then, Cody and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a ring to	Cody
Then, John and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a basketball to	John
Then, Jeffrey and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a snack to	Jeffrey
Then, Bradley and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a drink to	Bradley
Then, Michelle and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a necklace to	Michelle
Then, Gregory and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a ring to	Gregory
Then, Courtney and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Rebecca gave a snack to	Courtney
Then, Christina and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a kiss to	Christina
Then, Jason and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a drink to	Jason
Then, Jennifer and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Jennifer
Then, Charles and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Charles
Then, David and Amber went to the hospital. Amber gave a basketball to	David
Then, Sara and Andrew went to the store. Andrew gave a drink to	Sara
Then, Justin and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a kiss to	Justin
Then, Nicole and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a snack to	Nicole
Then, Jacob and Kevin went to the store. Kevin gave a bone to	Jacob
Then, Jonathan and Christina went to the hospital. Christina gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Then, Ashley and James went to the garden. James gave a ring to	Ashley
Then, Christina and John went to the office. John gave a basketball to	Christina
Then, Kimberly and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a necklace to	Kimberly
Then, Aaron and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to	Aaron
Then, Anthony and James went to the garden. James gave a drink to	Anthony
Then, Laura and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a ring to	Laura
Then, Jeremy and John went to the restaurant. John gave a bone to	Jeremy
Then, Justin and Samantha went to the house. Samantha gave a computer to	Justin
Then, Andrea and Sean went to the store. Sean gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Dustin and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a basketball to	Dustin
Then, Christina and Jesse went to the hospital. Jesse gave a computer to	Christina
Then, Kenneth and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a drink to	Kenneth
Then, Stephen and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a kiss to	Stephen
Then, Sean and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a necklace to	Sean
Then, Brian and Laura went to the garden. Laura gave a basketball to	Brian
Then, Robert and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a computer to	Robert
Then, Kristen and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a computer to	Kristen
Then, Amber and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to	Amber
Then, Angela and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a kiss to	Angela
Then, Joshua and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a drink to	Joshua
Then, James and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a computer to	James
Then, Stephen and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a bone to	Stephen
Then, Crystal and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a necklace to	Crystal
Then, Christine and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a ring to	Christine
Then, Emily and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a necklace to	Emily
Then, William and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a basketball to	William
Then, Robert and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Robert
Then, Mark and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a bone to	Mark
Then, Kristen and Lauren went to the garden. Lauren gave a snack to	Kristen
Then, Jonathan and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a bone to	Jonathan
Then, Patrick and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a snack to	Patrick
Then, Melissa and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a necklace to	Melissa
Then, Jose and Danielle went to the office. Danielle gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Katie and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, James and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a ring to	James
Then, Kelly and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a ring to	Kelly
Then, Lisa and Heather went to the school. Heather gave a necklace to	Lisa
Then, Lindsay and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a bone to	Lindsay
Then, Kenneth and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a drink to	Kenneth
Then, Rachel and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Amber and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a ring to	Amber
Then, Bradley and Kevin went to the office. Kevin gave a computer to	Bradley
Then, Benjamin and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a ring to	Benjamin
Then, Erin and David went to the house. David gave a kiss to	Erin
Then, Jesse and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a bone to	Jesse
Then, Jeffrey and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Then, Joshua and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Joshua
Then, Tyler and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a computer to	Tyler
Then, Kimberly and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a necklace to	Kimberly
Then, Erin and Kenneth went to the house. Kenneth gave a computer to	Erin
Then, Nicole and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a kiss to	Nicole
Then, Danielle and Megan went to the store. Megan gave a bone to	Danielle
Then, Mark and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a snack to	Mark
Then, Katherine and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a kiss to	Katherine
Then, Paul and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a kiss to	Paul
Then, Joshua and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Erin and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a ring to	Erin
Then, Eric and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a kiss to	Eric
Then, Andrew and Kelly went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to	Andrew
Then, Ashley and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a computer to	Ashley
Then, Nicole and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a bone to	Nicole
Then, Jonathan and Gregory went to the house. Gregory gave a snack to	Jonathan
Then, Anthony and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a basketball to	Anthony
Then, Katie and Alicia went to the garden. Alicia gave a computer to	Katie
Then, Eric and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to	Eric
Then, Brian and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a kiss to	Brian
Then, William and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to	William
Then, Erin and John went to the office. John gave a necklace to	Erin
Then, Nathan and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a kiss to	Nathan
Then, Sean and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a basketball to	Sean
Then, Sean and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a necklace to	Sean
Then, Gregory and Matthew went to the garden. Matthew gave a drink to	Gregory
Then, Emily and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a snack to	Emily
Then, Katie and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a basketball to	Katie
Then, Erin and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to	Erin
Then, Nathan and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a bone to	Nathan
Then, Brian and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a snack to	Brian
Then, Samantha and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Samantha
Then, Paul and John went to the station. John gave a computer to	Paul
Then, Nicole and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a drink to	Nicole
Then, Allison and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a necklace to	Allison
Then, Andrew and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a drink to	Andrew
Then, Samantha and William went to the house. William gave a basketball to	Samantha
Then, Jesse and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a necklace to	Jesse
Then, Lindsey and Erica went to the office. Erica gave a bone to	Lindsey
Then, Richard and Paul went to the store. Paul gave a kiss to	Richard
Then, Kenneth and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a computer to	Kenneth
Then, Danielle and Stephanie went to the store. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Danielle
Then, James and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a drink to	James
Then, Katie and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to	Katie
Then, Kristen and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a kiss to	Kristen
Then, Courtney and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a computer to	Courtney
Then, Nicholas and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Nicholas
Then, Jeremy and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Jeremy
Then, Sean and Adam went to the station. Adam gave a ring to	Sean
Then, Jeffrey and Mark went to the house. Mark gave a basketball to	Jeffrey
Then, Christina and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a computer to	Christina
Then, Brandon and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Samantha and Mark went to the hospital. Mark gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Samantha and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Andrew and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a bone to	Andrew
Then, Erica and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Erica
Then, Eric and David went to the school. David gave a ring to	Eric
Then, Patrick and Bradley went to the station. Bradley gave a necklace to	Patrick
Then, Christina and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a drink to	Christina
Then, Katherine and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a computer to	Katherine
Then, Brian and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to	Brian
Then, Timothy and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Timothy
Then, Jeremy and Christina went to the restaurant. Christina gave a bone to	Jeremy
Then, Lindsey and Emily went to the hospital. Emily gave a ring to	Lindsey
Then, Katherine and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, Robert and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a ring to	Robert
Then, Kevin and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a bone to	Kevin
Then, Jessica and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a necklace to	Jessica
Then, Samuel and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, Timothy and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a bone to	Timothy
Then, John and Cody went to the school. Cody gave a drink to	John
Then, Patrick and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Patrick
Then, Christina and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a kiss to	Christina
Then, Rachel and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a ring to	Rachel
Then, Heather and Charles went to the restaurant. Charles gave a necklace to	Heather
Then, Kyle and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a kiss to	Kyle
Then, Brian and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a computer to	Brian
Then, David and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a drink to	David
Then, Megan and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to	Megan
Then, Katherine and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a basketball to	Katherine
Then, Brandon and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Anthony and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a snack to	Anthony
Then, Daniel and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a ring to	Daniel
Then, Allison and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a necklace to	Allison
Then, Justin and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Justin
Then, Kevin and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a basketball to	Kevin
Then, Joshua and Lindsey went to the house. Lindsey gave a ring to	Joshua
Then, Mark and Danielle went to the school. Danielle gave a snack to	Mark
Then, David and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a drink to	David
Then, Jonathan and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Then, Jesse and Vanessa went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Jesse
Then, Laura and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Laura
Then, Amy and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Cody and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a basketball to	Cody
Then, Robert and James went to the house. James gave a bone to	Robert
Then, Rachel and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a bone to	Rachel
Then, Elizabeth and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a snack to	Elizabeth
Then, Dustin and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a snack to	Dustin
Then, James and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a ring to	James
Then, David and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to	David
Then, Katherine and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, Steven and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a computer to	Steven
Then, Benjamin and William went to the house. William gave a snack to	Benjamin
Then, Amanda and Amy went to the hospital. Amy gave a snack to	Amanda
Then, Paul and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a kiss to	Paul
Then, Aaron and Scott went to the school. Scott gave a kiss to	Aaron
Then, Adam and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a computer to	Adam
Then, Jesse and Kimberly went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a drink to	Jesse
Then, Gregory and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a kiss to	Gregory
Then, Jonathan and James went to the store. James gave a bone to	Jonathan
Then, Ryan and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a ring to	Ryan
Then, James and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a drink to	James
Then, John and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a computer to	John
Then, Amy and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a bone to	Amy
Then, Bryan and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a ring to	Bryan
Then, Patrick and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a drink to	Patrick
Then, Stephen and Tiffany went to the office. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Stephen
Then, Scott and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a ring to	Scott
Then, Nicole and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a basketball to	Nicole
Then, Alicia and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a necklace to	Alicia
Then, Angela and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to	Angela
Then, Jonathan and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a drink to	Jonathan
Then, Jose and Katie went to the store. Katie gave a computer to	Jose
Then, Amy and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a bone to	Amy
Then, Samantha and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Samantha
Then, Amanda and Amy went to the garden. Amy gave a ring to	Amanda
Then, Andrea and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a computer to	Andrea
Then, Rachel and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a necklace to	Rachel
Then, Elizabeth and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Then, Katherine and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a bone to	Katherine
Then, Kenneth and Rebecca went to the store. Rebecca gave a snack to	Kenneth
Then, Michael and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to	Michael
Then, Erica and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to	Erica
Then, Patrick and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a necklace to	Patrick
Then, Patrick and Jacob went to the station. Jacob gave a bone to	Patrick
Then, Sean and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Sean
Then, Allison and Bryan went to the station. Bryan gave a drink to	Allison
Then, Kristen and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a bone to	Kristen
Then, Kyle and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a ring to	Kyle
Then, Ashley and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to	Ashley
Then, Katie and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, Vanessa and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a computer to	Vanessa
Then, Stephen and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a drink to	Stephen
Then, Lindsay and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a necklace to	Lindsay
Then, Tyler and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a computer to	Tyler
Then, Joseph and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a basketball to	Joseph
Then, Erin and Jeremy went to the office. Jeremy gave a ring to	Erin
Then, Lauren and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to	Lauren
Then, Michelle and Travis went to the office. Travis gave a drink to	Michelle
Then, Justin and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a drink to	Justin
Then, Angela and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a ring to	Angela
Then, Tyler and Kevin went to the school. Kevin gave a kiss to	Tyler
Then, Samantha and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to	Samantha
Then, Sarah and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a bone to	Sarah
Then, Courtney and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a snack to	Courtney
Then, Brittany and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Brittany
Then, Jeffrey and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a drink to	Jeffrey
Then, Gregory and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a ring to	Gregory
Then, Kenneth and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Then, Sean and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a drink to	Sean
Then, Sarah and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a drink to	Sarah
Then, Patrick and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to	Patrick
Then, Megan and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a bone to	Megan
Then, James and Andrew went to the school. Andrew gave a drink to	James
Then, Alexander and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a basketball to	Alexander
Then, Richard and Scott went to the school. Scott gave a bone to	Richard
Then, Elizabeth and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Then, Shannon and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to	Shannon
Then, Mary and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a snack to	Mary
Then, Scott and Jose went to the school. Jose gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Thomas and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a ring to	Thomas
Then, Justin and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a kiss to	Justin
Then, Jennifer and Michelle went to the hospital. Michelle gave a ring to	Jennifer
Then, Kristen and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a kiss to	Kristen
Then, Shannon and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to	Shannon
Then, Bradley and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a ring to	Bradley
Then, Kimberly and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a bone to	Kimberly
Then, Rebecca and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a bone to	Rebecca
Then, Brittany and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to	Brittany
Then, Nathan and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a computer to	Nathan
Then, Amy and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a bone to	Amy
Then, Elizabeth and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Then, Kimberly and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Kimberly
Then, Bradley and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a ring to	Bradley
Then, Shannon and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a necklace to	Shannon
Then, Elizabeth and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Then, Cody and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a computer to	Cody
Then, Kelly and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a ring to	Kelly
Then, Lindsay and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Nathan and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a kiss to	Nathan
Then, Cody and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a snack to	Cody
Then, Joshua and Mark went to the restaurant. Mark gave a necklace to	Joshua
Then, Crystal and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a basketball to	Crystal
Then, Charles and Erica went to the restaurant. Erica gave a computer to	Charles
Then, Anthony and Shannon went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a snack to	Anthony
Then, Charles and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a basketball to	Charles
Then, Justin and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to	Justin
Then, Joshua and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a ring to	Joshua
Then, Jeffrey and David went to the store. David gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Then, Andrea and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a snack to	Andrea
Then, Samuel and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, Kevin and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a computer to	Kevin
Then, Aaron and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Aaron
Then, Andrew and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a necklace to	Andrew
Then, Vanessa and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Then, Brandon and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a snack to	Brandon
Then, Rebecca and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to	Rebecca
Then, Laura and William went to the restaurant. William gave a basketball to	Laura
Then, Aaron and James went to the hospital. James gave a drink to	Aaron
Then, Joshua and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a ring to	Joshua
Then, Bradley and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a kiss to	Bradley
Then, Kristen and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a ring to	Kristen
Then, Shannon and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a drink to	Shannon
Then, Laura and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a drink to	Laura
Then, Jamie and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a ring to	Jamie
Then, Melissa and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to	Melissa
Then, Andrew and John went to the office. John gave a computer to	Andrew
Then, Brian and Nicholas went to the office. Nicholas gave a necklace to	Brian
Then, Sarah and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Sarah
Then, Lindsey and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a computer to	Lindsey
Then, Dustin and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a snack to	Dustin
Then, Michelle and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a ring to	Michelle
Then, Brian and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a ring to	Brian
Then, Elizabeth and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Then, Eric and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a kiss to	Eric
Then, Christopher and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a computer to	Christopher
Then, Mary and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a computer to	Mary
Then, Bryan and Mark went to the house. Mark gave a necklace to	Bryan
Then, Bradley and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a bone to	Bradley
Then, Jeremy and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to	Jeremy
Then, Michael and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Michael
Then, Erica and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a drink to	Erica
Then, Thomas and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a snack to	Thomas
Then, Kristen and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a basketball to	Kristen
Then, Katie and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a snack to	Katie
Then, Katie and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, Laura and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Laura
Then, Allison and Kevin went to the school. Kevin gave a necklace to	Allison
Then, Jonathan and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a ring to	Jonathan
Then, Adam and Erin went to the station. Erin gave a computer to	Adam
Then, Kyle and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a ring to	Kyle
Then, Sarah and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Sarah
Then, Eric and Steven went to the station. Steven gave a bone to	Eric
Then, Aaron and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a drink to	Aaron
Then, Paul and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to	Paul
Then, Brian and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a drink to	Brian
Then, Katie and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a ring to	Katie
Then, Nathan and Brian went to the house. Brian gave a necklace to	Nathan
Then, Kevin and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a ring to	Kevin
Then, Jessica and Jonathan went to the station. Jonathan gave a computer to	Jessica
Then, Travis and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a snack to	Travis
Then, Jesse and Jason went to the garden. Jason gave a snack to	Jesse
Then, Thomas and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a computer to	Thomas
Then, Anthony and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a basketball to	Anthony
Then, Steven and Heather went to the hospital. Heather gave a necklace to	Steven
Then, Christopher and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to	Christopher
Then, Travis and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a bone to	Travis
Then, Tyler and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Lisa and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a snack to	Lisa
Then, Matthew and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a computer to	Matthew
Then, Alicia and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a bone to	Alicia
Then, Jeffrey and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Then, Lisa and Amy went to the garden. Amy gave a basketball to	Lisa
Then, Bradley and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a snack to	Bradley
Then, Rebecca and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Then, Stephanie and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a computer to	Stephanie
Then, James and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a snack to	James
Then, Jamie and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a necklace to	Jamie
Then, Erica and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a kiss to	Erica
Then, Scott and Laura went to the store. Laura gave a ring to	Scott
Then, Justin and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a snack to	Justin
Then, Shannon and Joseph went to the office. Joseph gave a basketball to	Shannon
Then, Mark and Andrew went to the garden. Andrew gave a snack to	Mark
Then, Alexander and John went to the restaurant. John gave a computer to	Alexander
Then, Anthony and Stephen went to the store. Stephen gave a computer to	Anthony
Then, Rachel and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to	Rachel
Then, Sean and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a bone to	Sean
Then, Bradley and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a basketball to	Bradley
Then, Stephen and Thomas went to the office. Thomas gave a snack to	Stephen
Then, Emily and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a basketball to	Emily
Then, Matthew and Brian went to the house. Brian gave a basketball to	Matthew
Then, Christopher and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a bone to	Christopher
Then, Daniel and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a kiss to	Daniel
Then, Jacob and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a snack to	Jacob
Then, Andrea and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a basketball to	Andrea
Then, Robert and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a kiss to	Robert
Then, Stephanie and Jesse went to the house. Jesse gave a drink to	Stephanie
Then, Katie and James went to the office. James gave a drink to	Katie
Then, John and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to	John
Then, Charles and Cody went to the restaurant. Cody gave a ring to	Charles
Then, Travis and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a snack to	Travis
Then, Adam and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a kiss to	Adam
Then, Lindsey and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a kiss to	Lindsey
Then, Katie and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a snack to	Katie
Then, Alicia and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a computer to	Alicia
Then, Brandon and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Robert and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a kiss to	Robert
Then, Robert and Allison went to the house. Allison gave a snack to	Robert
Then, Mary and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a necklace to	Mary
Then, Jason and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Jason
Then, Ryan and Alexander went to the station. Alexander gave a bone to	Ryan
Then, Kevin and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a bone to	Kevin
Then, Joshua and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Justin and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a drink to	Justin
Then, Michelle and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a computer to	Michelle
Then, Tiffany and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Andrea and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Rebecca and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Then, Samantha and Travis went to the office. Travis gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Andrew and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a bone to	Andrew
Then, Gregory and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a kiss to	Gregory
Then, Patrick and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a ring to	Patrick
Then, Kristen and Erica went to the school. Erica gave a drink to	Kristen
Then, Ryan and Rebecca went to the station. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Ryan
Then, Christina and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a snack to	Christina
Then, Charles and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a ring to	Charles
Then, Mary and Rebecca went to the station. Rebecca gave a computer to	Mary
Then, Lauren and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a bone to	Lauren
Then, Tiffany and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a snack to	Tiffany
Then, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Jonathan
Then, Anthony and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a basketball to	Anthony
Then, Melissa and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a necklace to	Melissa
Then, Brian and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a drink to	Brian
Then, David and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a ring to	David
Then, Samantha and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to	Samantha
Then, Samantha and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a basketball to	Samantha
Then, Timothy and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a basketball to	Timothy
Then, Tyler and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Tyler
Then, Brandon and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a ring to	Brandon
Then, Michael and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a drink to	Michael
Then, Tiffany and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Kimberly and Bradley went to the station. Bradley gave a bone to	Kimberly
Then, Matthew and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a ring to	Matthew
Then, Kevin and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a ring to	Kevin
Then, Nicole and William went to the station. William gave a ring to	Nicole
Then, Christina and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a computer to	Christina
Then, Stephanie and Danielle went to the office. Danielle gave a ring to	Stephanie
Then, Allison and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a basketball to	Allison
Then, Angela and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Angela
Then, Shannon and Erica went to the house. Erica gave a ring to	Shannon
Then, Benjamin and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Then, Kenneth and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a computer to	Kenneth
Then, Bryan and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Bryan
Then, Stephen and Joshua went to the school. Joshua gave a necklace to	Stephen
Then, Emily and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a necklace to	Emily
Then, Aaron and Joseph went to the house. Joseph gave a ring to	Aaron
Then, Jason and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to	Jason
Then, Tiffany and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Then, Christine and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a kiss to	Christine
Then, Ashley and Megan went to the store. Megan gave a basketball to	Ashley
Then, Jesse and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a ring to	Jesse
Then, Michael and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a kiss to	Michael
Then, Aaron and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to	Aaron
Then, Jeremy and John went to the store. John gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Then, Kristen and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a ring to	Kristen
Then, Jason and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a basketball to	Jason
Then, Jessica and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a snack to	Jessica
Then, Christopher and William went to the house. William gave a drink to	Christopher
Then, Shannon and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a drink to	Shannon
Then, Jesse and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a drink to	Jesse
Then, Jessica and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a kiss to	Jessica
Then, Benjamin and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a drink to	Benjamin
Then, Jeffrey and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Then, Scott and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Jessica and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a drink to	Jessica
Then, Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Tiffany gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Then, Michael and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a necklace to	Michael
Then, Timothy and Kevin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a kiss to	Timothy
Then, Joshua and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to	Joshua
Then, Rachel and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a necklace to	Rachel
Then, Gregory and Amber went to the school. Amber gave a ring to	Gregory
Then, Bryan and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a computer to	Bryan
Then, Stephen and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a computer to	Stephen
Then, Charles and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to	Charles
Then, Alicia and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a snack to	Alicia
Then, Crystal and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a kiss to	Crystal
Then, Michael and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Michael
Then, Nicholas and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a drink to	Nicholas
Then, Joseph and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a drink to	Joseph
Then, Erica and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a ring to	Erica
Then, Christina and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a kiss to	Christina
Then, Christina and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a necklace to	Christina
Then, Adam and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a snack to	Adam
Then, Melissa and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a necklace to	Melissa
Then, Nathan and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a ring to	Nathan
Then, Michael and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Michael
Then, Adam and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a ring to	Adam
Then, Megan and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a ring to	Megan
Then, Kevin and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a computer to	Kevin
Then, Lisa and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a ring to	Lisa
Then, Laura and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Laura
Then, Lauren and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Lauren
Then, Melissa and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a basketball to	Melissa
Then, Kristen and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a drink to	Kristen
Then, Courtney and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a ring to	Courtney
Then, Andrew and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a snack to	Andrew
Then, Samantha and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a bone to	Samantha
Then, James and Laura went to the school. Laura gave a snack to	James
Then, Jamie and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a necklace to	Jamie
Then, Charles and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a drink to	Charles
Then, Jonathan and William went to the store. William gave a ring to	Jonathan
Then, Jeffrey and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Then, Vanessa and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Vanessa
Then, Sarah and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a snack to	Sarah
Then, Bryan and Shannon went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a snack to	Bryan
Then, Lauren and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Lauren
Then, David and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a computer to	David
Then, Jonathan and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a drink to	Jonathan
Then, Christina and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a basketball to	Christina
Then, Kyle and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to	Kyle
Then, William and Samuel went to the restaurant. Samuel gave a necklace to	William
Then, William and Michael went to the house. Michael gave a kiss to	William
Then, Rachel and Sara went to the house. Sara gave a ring to	Rachel
Then, Jennifer and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a ring to	Jennifer
Then, Jose and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a snack to	Jose
Then, Nathan and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a snack to	Nathan
Then, John and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a snack to	John
Then, Erica and Nicholas went to the office. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Erica
Then, Michael and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a snack to	Michael
Then, Gregory and Bryan went to the station. Bryan gave a computer to	Gregory
Then, Benjamin and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a computer to	Benjamin
Then, Richard and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a computer to	Richard
Then, Kimberly and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a snack to	Kimberly
Then, Alexander and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a bone to	Alexander
Then, Andrea and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a ring to	Andrea
Then, William and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a bone to	William
Then, Crystal and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a basketball to	Crystal
Then, Allison and Brittany went to the house. Brittany gave a snack to	Allison
Then, Katie and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a snack to	Katie
Then, Melissa and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a snack to	Melissa
Then, Katherine and Laura went to the office. Laura gave a ring to	Katherine
Then, Megan and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Megan
Then, Amy and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a drink to	Amy
Then, Angela and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, Benjamin and Jeremy went to the office. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Then, Jeffrey and Daniel went to the hospital. Daniel gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Then, Kimberly and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a ring to	Kimberly
Then, Tiffany and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a drink to	Tiffany
Then, Michael and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to	Michael
Then, Nathan and Laura went to the garden. Laura gave a necklace to	Nathan
Then, Benjamin and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a snack to	Benjamin
Then, Erin and James went to the house. James gave a necklace to	Erin
Then, Angela and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a drink to	Angela
Then, Justin and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Justin
Then, Brian and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a snack to	Brian
Then, Alexander and Melissa went to the office. Melissa gave a ring to	Alexander
Then, Brandon and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Samuel and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a drink to	Samuel
Then, Michael and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a ring to	Michael
Then, Andrea and Cody went to the hospital. Cody gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Kristen and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Kristen
Then, Elizabeth and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a bone to	Elizabeth
Then, Christopher and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a necklace to	Christopher
Then, Kevin and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a snack to	Kevin
Then, Tiffany and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Then, Samuel and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a basketball to	Samuel
Then, Samantha and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a kiss to	Samantha
Then, Steven and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a basketball to	Steven
Then, Jessica and John went to the garden. John gave a ring to	Jessica
Then, Sara and David went to the station. David gave a ring to	Sara
Then, Thomas and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a snack to	Thomas
Then, Nicholas and David went to the garden. David gave a computer to	Nicholas
Then, Paul and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a computer to	Paul
Then, Vanessa and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a bone to	Vanessa
Then, Jacob and Brian went to the office. Brian gave a kiss to	Jacob
Then, Andrew and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a kiss to	Andrew
Then, Brian and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a drink to	Brian
Then, Kristen and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a basketball to	Kristen
Then, Kyle and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a kiss to	Kyle
Then, Melissa and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a computer to	Melissa
Then, Sara and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a ring to	Sara
Then, Alicia and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a necklace to	Alicia
Then, Amber and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a snack to	Amber
Then, Amy and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Rebecca and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a computer to	Rebecca
Then, Tyler and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Timothy and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a ring to	Timothy
Then, John and Crystal went to the school. Crystal gave a ring to	John
Then, Adam and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a snack to	Adam
Then, Brandon and Elizabeth went to the school. Elizabeth gave a ring to	Brandon
Then, Kristen and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a snack to	Kristen
Then, Nicole and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a drink to	Nicole
Then, Richard and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a ring to	Richard
Then, Elizabeth and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Then, Steven and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Steven
Then, Christina and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a kiss to	Christina
Then, Scott and Jesse went to the house. Jesse gave a ring to	Scott
Then, David and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a drink to	David
Then, Jonathan and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Then, Brandon and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Erica and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a ring to	Erica
Then, Paul and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a basketball to	Paul
Then, Ryan and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Ryan
Then, Andrew and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a snack to	Andrew
Then, James and Timothy went to the school. Timothy gave a computer to	James
Then, Jason and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a ring to	Jason
Then, Benjamin and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a snack to	Benjamin
Then, Amy and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a necklace to	Amy
Then, Jessica and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a snack to	Jessica
Then, Megan and Ashley went to the office. Ashley gave a drink to	Megan
Then, Emily and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a snack to	Emily
Then, Heather and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to	Heather
Then, Dustin and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a ring to	Dustin
Then, Mary and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a snack to	Mary
Then, Mary and James went to the store. James gave a necklace to	Mary
Then, Benjamin and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a kiss to	Benjamin
Then, Heather and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a bone to	Heather
Then, Megan and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Megan
Then, Timothy and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a kiss to	Timothy
Then, Sara and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a snack to	Sara
Then, Amy and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Amy
Then, Nicholas and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a drink to	Nicholas
Then, Samantha and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a ring to	Samantha
Then, Amy and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a kiss to	Amy
Then, Lindsey and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to	Lindsey
Then, Jeremy and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Then, Patrick and Kristen went to the hospital. Kristen gave a snack to	Patrick
Then, Heather and Andrew went to the hospital. Andrew gave a drink to	Heather
Then, Katie and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a snack to	Katie
Then, Cody and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a necklace to	Cody
Then, Steven and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a drink to	Steven
Then, David and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a computer to	David
Then, Kimberly and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a kiss to	Kimberly
Then, Eric and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a drink to	Eric
Then, Justin and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a drink to	Justin
Then, Nicholas and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a ring to	Nicholas
Then, Travis and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to	Travis
Then, Courtney and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a snack to	Courtney
Then, Vanessa and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to	Vanessa
Then, Crystal and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to	Crystal
Then, Jonathan and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a snack to	Jonathan
Then, Scott and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Adam and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a snack to	Adam
Then, Rebecca and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a drink to	Rebecca
Then, Erin and John went to the hospital. John gave a bone to	Erin
Then, Lindsey and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Then, Stephanie and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a computer to	Stephanie
Then, Jessica and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Jessica
Then, Bryan and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a kiss to	Bryan
Then, David and Andrea went to the office. Andrea gave a computer to	David
Then, Cody and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a drink to	Cody
Then, Lindsay and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Angela and David went to the school. David gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, John and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a necklace to	John
Then, Laura and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to	Laura
Then, William and Thomas went to the office. Thomas gave a drink to	William
Then, Paul and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a drink to	Paul
Then, Robert and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a drink to	Robert
Then, Kimberly and Rachel went to the office. Rachel gave a drink to	Kimberly
Then, Shannon and Mary went to the station. Mary gave a necklace to	Shannon
Then, Emily and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a bone to	Emily
Then, Brian and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to	Brian
Then, Eric and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a kiss to	Eric
Then, Jesse and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Jesse
Then, Brittany and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a snack to	Brittany
Then, Kimberly and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a basketball to	Kimberly
Then, Jamie and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to	Jamie
Then, Elizabeth and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Then, Joseph and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a necklace to	Joseph
Then, Kelly and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a computer to	Kelly
Then, Erin and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a drink to	Erin
Then, Brandon and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a computer to	Brandon
Then, Tyler and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a computer to	Tyler
Then, Michael and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to	Michael
Then, Heather and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a bone to	Heather
Then, Elizabeth and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Then, Andrea and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a kiss to	Andrea
Then, Jessica and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a snack to	Jessica
Then, Amanda and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a kiss to	Amanda
Then, Joseph and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Joseph
Then, Erica and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a snack to	Erica
Then, Laura and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Nicholas gave a basketball to	Laura
Then, Dustin and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a bone to	Dustin
Then, Jamie and Jesse went to the office. Jesse gave a snack to	Jamie
Then, Erica and Sarah went to the hospital. Sarah gave a drink to	Erica
Then, Adam and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a bone to	Adam
Then, Tiffany and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Then, Richard and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a necklace to	Richard
Then, Brian and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a drink to	Brian
Then, Amanda and Joseph went to the restaurant. Joseph gave a snack to	Amanda
Then, Amanda and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a snack to	Amanda
Then, Eric and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Eric
Then, Kristen and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a kiss to	Kristen
Then, Jesse and John went to the hospital. John gave a computer to	Jesse
Then, Kyle and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a basketball to	Kyle
Then, Kevin and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a basketball to	Kevin
Then, Christine and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a basketball to	Christine
Then, William and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a drink to	William
Then, Justin and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a necklace to	Justin
Then, Katie and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a computer to	Katie
Then, Mark and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a necklace to	Mark
Then, Daniel and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to	Daniel
Then, Scott and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a basketball to	Scott
Then, Amber and Brittany went to the house. Brittany gave a computer to	Amber
Then, Michelle and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a computer to	Michelle
Then, Mary and James went to the station. James gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Angela and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, Daniel and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a computer to	Daniel
Then, Katherine and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a basketball to	Katherine
Then, Brittany and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a basketball to	Brittany
Then, Jonathan and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Then, Rebecca and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a necklace to	Rebecca
Then, James and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a snack to	James
Then, Steven and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a basketball to	Steven
Then, Kenneth and Samuel went to the house. Samuel gave a drink to	Kenneth
Then, Charles and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a basketball to	Charles
Then, Benjamin and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Benjamin
Then, Tyler and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a basketball to	Tyler
Then, Kristen and Daniel went to the hospital. Daniel gave a kiss to	Kristen
Then, Adam and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a basketball to	Adam
Then, Joseph and William went to the station. William gave a kiss to	Joseph
Then, Kenneth and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to	Kenneth
Then, Kristen and Jacob went to the garden. Jacob gave a basketball to	Kristen
Then, Kyle and Erin went to the office. Erin gave a bone to	Kyle
Then, Stephen and Lisa went to the school. Lisa gave a necklace to	Stephen
Then, Michelle and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Michelle
Then, Daniel and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a basketball to	Daniel
Then, Kenneth and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Then, Brian and Bradley went to the garden. Bradley gave a kiss to	Brian
Then, Sean and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Sean
Then, Kyle and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to	Kyle
Then, Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Then, Jeffrey and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Then, William and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a kiss to	William
Then, Lindsey and William went to the hospital. William gave a necklace to	Lindsey
Then, Bradley and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a basketball to	Bradley
Then, Paul and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a snack to	Paul
Then, Andrea and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a bone to	Andrea
Then, Jeremy and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Then, Ryan and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Ryan
Then, Stephen and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a kiss to	Stephen
Then, Sean and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a computer to	Sean
Then, Ryan and Amanda went to the office. Amanda gave a ring to	Ryan
Then, Timothy and Courtney went to the house. Courtney gave a basketball to	Timothy
Then, Bradley and Samantha went to the station. Samantha gave a bone to	Bradley
Then, Scott and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Vanessa and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a snack to	Vanessa
Then, Sarah and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a basketball to	Sarah
Then, Aaron and Jennifer went to the office. Jennifer gave a computer to	Aaron
Then, Megan and Kimberly went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a computer to	Megan
Then, Kenneth and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a bone to	Kenneth
Then, Timothy and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a computer to	Timothy
Then, Kyle and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a drink to	Kyle
Then, Katie and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Katie
Then, Kimberly and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a bone to	Kimberly
Then, Jonathan and Erica went to the hospital. Erica gave a computer to	Jonathan
Then, Nathan and Amber went to the store. Amber gave a bone to	Nathan
Then, Sara and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a kiss to	Sara
Then, Timothy and David went to the restaurant. David gave a basketball to	Timothy
Then, Kevin and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a necklace to	Kevin
Then, Lisa and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a basketball to	Lisa
Then, Jacob and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a bone to	Jacob
Then, Bradley and John went to the store. John gave a kiss to	Bradley
Then, Nathan and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a drink to	Nathan
Then, Gregory and Jacob went to the station. Jacob gave a drink to	Gregory
Then, John and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a computer to	John
Then, Cody and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a bone to	Cody
Then, Nicholas and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Nicholas
Then, Charles and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a kiss to	Charles
Then, Sarah and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a ring to	Sarah
Then, Samantha and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a ring to	Samantha
Then, Kelly and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a ring to	Kelly
Then, Jacob and Katherine went to the garden. Katherine gave a drink to	Jacob
Then, Katherine and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a snack to	Katherine
Then, Tyler and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Tyler
Then, Samantha and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a computer to	Samantha
Then, Christopher and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a bone to	Christopher
Then, Lindsey and Jose went to the school. Jose gave a bone to	Lindsey
Then, Tiffany and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a bone to	Tiffany
Then, Elizabeth and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Then, Katie and Jason went to the store. Jason gave a basketball to	Katie
Then, Angela and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a bone to	Angela
Then, Jeremy and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to	Jeremy
Then, Amanda and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to	Amanda
Then, Tiffany and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Then, Jessica and Christopher went to the store. Christopher gave a necklace to	Jessica
Then, Andrea and Samuel went to the restaurant. Samuel gave a necklace to	Andrea
Then, Jennifer and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a basketball to	Jennifer
Then, Patrick and Vanessa went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a bone to	Patrick
Then, Jennifer and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a kiss to	Jennifer
Then, Bradley and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a drink to	Bradley
Then, Christopher and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Christopher
Then, Jamie and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a snack to	Jamie
Then, Benjamin and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a kiss to	Benjamin
Then, Gregory and Robert went to the station. Robert gave a computer to	Gregory
Then, Samuel and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a drink to	Samuel
Then, Paul and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a bone to	Paul
Then, James and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	James
Then, Joseph and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a bone to	Joseph
Then, Kimberly and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a snack to	Kimberly
Then, Mary and Mark went to the office. Mark gave a ring to	Mary
Then, Christine and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a computer to	Christine
Then, Alicia and Ashley went to the house. Ashley gave a basketball to	Alicia
Then, Cody and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Cody
Then, Megan and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a necklace to	Megan
Then, Elizabeth and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Then, Samantha and Erica went to the restaurant. Erica gave a ring to	Samantha
Then, Thomas and Lauren went to the garden. Lauren gave a kiss to	Thomas
Then, Nathan and John went to the hospital. John gave a basketball to	Nathan
Then, Cody and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a bone to	Cody
Then, Nicholas and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Nicholas
Then, Cody and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to	Cody
Then, Jamie and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a bone to	Jamie
Then, Sean and Lindsay went to the garden. Lindsay gave a computer to	Sean
Then, Katherine and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a snack to	Katherine
Then, Christine and Amy went to the school. Amy gave a basketball to	Christine
Then, Travis and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a basketball to	Travis
Then, Emily and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Emily
Then, Richard and Lisa went to the store. Lisa gave a necklace to	Richard
Then, Katherine and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a bone to	Katherine
Then, Lauren and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a drink to	Lauren
Then, Amber and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a basketball to	Amber
Then, Gregory and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a drink to	Gregory
Then, Steven and Patrick went to the garden. Patrick gave a bone to	Steven
Then, Brian and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a basketball to	Brian
Then, Jesse and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to	Jesse
Then, Megan and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a computer to	Megan
Then, John and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a kiss to	John
Then, Paul and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Paul
Then, Jonathan and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a snack to	Jonathan
Then, Tyler and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a necklace to	Tyler
Then, Alexander and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a bone to	Alexander
Then, Benjamin and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a computer to	Benjamin
Then, Lindsay and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Erica and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a bone to	Erica
Then, Kristen and Lindsay went to the house. Lindsay gave a drink to	Kristen
Then, Travis and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a bone to	Travis
Then, Stephanie and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a drink to	Stephanie
Then, Anthony and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a drink to	Anthony
Then, Anthony and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a necklace to	Anthony
Then, Amber and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a kiss to	Amber
Then, Lauren and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a basketball to	Lauren
Then, Travis and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a kiss to	Travis
Then, Anthony and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a snack to	Anthony
Then, Brian and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a computer to	Brian
Then, Jonathan and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Then, Eric and Ashley went to the office. Ashley gave a computer to	Eric
Then, Alexander and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a computer to	Alexander
Then, Jonathan and Nicole went to the office. Nicole gave a ring to	Jonathan
Then, Crystal and David went to the hospital. David gave a ring to	Crystal
Then, Crystal and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a bone to	Crystal
Then, Samuel and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a computer to	Samuel
Then, Samuel and John went to the garden. John gave a basketball to	Samuel
Then, Cody and Lindsey went to the house. Lindsey gave a drink to	Cody
Then, Erica and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a computer to	Erica
Then, Katherine and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, Steven and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a kiss to	Steven
Then, Stephanie and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a snack to	Stephanie
Then, Scott and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a computer to	Scott
Then, Aaron and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a snack to	Aaron
Then, Nicholas and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a snack to	Nicholas
Then, Nicole and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a necklace to	Nicole
Then, Thomas and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a basketball to	Thomas
Then, Angela and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, Anthony and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a ring to	Anthony
Then, Eric and John went to the school. John gave a computer to	Eric
Then, Alicia and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a kiss to	Alicia
Then, Kelly and Jacob went to the house. Jacob gave a basketball to	Kelly
Then, Allison and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a basketball to	Allison
Then, Rachel and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Rachel
Then, Timothy and William went to the garden. William gave a basketball to	Timothy
Then, Stephanie and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to	Stephanie
Then, Anthony and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a kiss to	Anthony
Then, Danielle and Jonathan went to the station. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Danielle
Then, Matthew and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a drink to	Matthew
Then, Cody and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a kiss to	Cody
Then, Ryan and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a computer to	Ryan
Then, Danielle and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to	Danielle
Then, Angela and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a necklace to	Angela
Then, Travis and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a bone to	Travis
Then, Angela and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a bone to	Angela
Then, Jose and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a basketball to	Jose
Then, Emily and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a necklace to	Emily
Then, Michael and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a drink to	Michael
Then, Sarah and Tyler went to the house. Tyler gave a drink to	Sarah
Then, Jeffrey and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Then, Brian and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a necklace to	Brian
Then, Brandon and Rachel went to the hospital. Rachel gave a bone to	Brandon
Then, Bryan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a drink to	Bryan
Then, Angela and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a kiss to	Angela
Then, Nathan and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a necklace to	Nathan
Then, Alicia and Stephen went to the house. Stephen gave a bone to	Alicia
Then, Samuel and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a ring to	Samuel
Then, Katherine and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a basketball to	Katherine
Then, Andrea and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a kiss to	Andrea
Then, Shannon and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a basketball to	Shannon
Then, Ryan and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a drink to	Ryan
Then, Joshua and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to	Joshua
Then, Vanessa and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a snack to	Vanessa
Then, Erica and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a bone to	Erica
Then, Matthew and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a basketball to	Matthew
Then, Jessica and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a necklace to	Jessica
Then, Brian and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a computer to	Brian
Then, Heather and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a bone to	Heather
Then, Jose and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Michael and Christine went to the house. Christine gave a snack to	Michael
Then, James and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a bone to	James
Then, Lindsey and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to	Lindsey
Then, Lauren and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a basketball to	Lauren
Then, Joshua and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Joshua
Then, Charles and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a snack to	Charles
Then, Sara and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a bone to	Sara
Then, Laura and Jason went to the hospital. Jason gave a drink to	Laura
Then, Amber and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a computer to	Amber
Then, William and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a necklace to	William
Then, Jeremy and Rachel went to the office. Rachel gave a computer to	Jeremy
Then, Steven and Brian went to the school. Brian gave a ring to	Steven
Then, Christine and Sarah went to the house. Sarah gave a drink to	Christine
Then, Shannon and John went to the garden. John gave a ring to	Shannon
Then, Charles and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a necklace to	Charles
Then, Alicia and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a snack to	Alicia
Then, Charles and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to	Charles
Then, Erica and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a computer to	Erica
Then, Rebecca and John went to the school. John gave a necklace to	Rebecca
Then, Emily and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Emily
Then, Sarah and Adam went to the station. Adam gave a computer to	Sarah
Then, Benjamin and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a bone to	Benjamin
Then, Eric and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a bone to	Eric
Then, Stephanie and Kyle went to the hospital. Kyle gave a ring to	Stephanie
Then, Jonathan and Danielle went to the hospital. Danielle gave a bone to	Jonathan
Then, John and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a drink to	John
Then, Ryan and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to	Ryan
Then, Lisa and David went to the hospital. David gave a necklace to	Lisa
Then, Scott and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Scott
Then, Mary and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a bone to	Mary
Then, Travis and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to	Travis
Then, Jose and Anthony went to the house. Anthony gave a necklace to	Jose
Then, Anthony and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a kiss to	Anthony
Then, David and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a snack to	David
Then, Erica and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a ring to	Erica
Then, Kelly and Andrea went to the office. Andrea gave a necklace to	Kelly
Then, Sarah and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a necklace to	Sarah
Then, Christina and Nathan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a kiss to	Christina
Then, Christine and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a bone to	Christine
Then, Kyle and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a bone to	Kyle
Then, Kyle and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a necklace to	Kyle
Then, Timothy and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a computer to	Timothy
Then, David and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a kiss to	David
Then, Christine and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a ring to	Christine
Then, Jonathan and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Jonathan
Then, Ryan and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Ryan
Then, Andrea and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a drink to	Andrea
Then, Timothy and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a computer to	Timothy
Then, Benjamin and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Benjamin
Then, Joshua and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a ring to	Joshua
Then, William and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a bone to	William
Then, Kyle and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a drink to	Kyle
Then, Rebecca and Jason went to the garden. Jason gave a bone to	Rebecca
Then, Megan and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a drink to	Megan
Then, Heather and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a snack to	Heather
Then, Danielle and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a kiss to	Danielle
Then, Christine and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Christine
Then, Lindsey and Paul went to the hospital. Paul gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Then, Stephanie and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a ring to	Stephanie
Then, Brittany and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a basketball to	Brittany
Then, Katherine and Joshua went to the school. Joshua gave a drink to	Katherine
Then, Angela and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to	Angela
Then, Kenneth and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Then, Kyle and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a drink to	Kyle
Then, Jeremy and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a drink to	Jeremy
Then, Danielle and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a ring to	Danielle
Then, Bradley and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a snack to	Bradley
Then, Mark and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a basketball to	Mark
Then, Lisa and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a drink to	Lisa
Then, Courtney and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a bone to	Courtney
Then, Samuel and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Samuel
Then, Andrew and Amber went to the school. Amber gave a computer to	Andrew
Then, Jamie and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a snack to	Jamie
Then, Gregory and John went to the school. John gave a ring to	Gregory
Then, Kimberly and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a drink to	Kimberly
Then, Bryan and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a ring to	Bryan
Then, Adam and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a bone to	Adam
Then, Jason and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a snack to	Jason
Then, Courtney and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Courtney
Then, Cody and Daniel went to the station. Daniel gave a computer to	Cody
Then, Tiffany and Katie went to the store. Katie gave a ring to	Tiffany
Then, Lisa and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a necklace to	Lisa
Then, Gregory and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a snack to	Gregory
Then, Charles and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a drink to	Charles
Then, Cody and Jesse went to the garden. Jesse gave a kiss to	Cody
Then, Justin and Amber went to the hospital. Amber gave a necklace to	Justin
Then, David and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a basketball to	David
Then, Andrea and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a necklace to	Andrea
Then, Lindsay and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Then, Danielle and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Danielle
Earlier, Mary and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Brittany and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a necklace to	Brittany
Earlier, Christine and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a drink to	Christine
Earlier, Jonathan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a bone to	Jonathan
Earlier, Katie and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a computer to	Katie
Earlier, Alexander and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a kiss to	Alexander
Earlier, Anthony and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Anthony
Earlier, Shannon and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a drink to	Shannon
Earlier, Jason and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to	Jason
Earlier, Ryan and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a basketball to	Ryan
Earlier, Christopher and James went to the store. James gave a kiss to	Christopher
Earlier, Sara and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a drink to	Sara
Earlier, Kenneth and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a bone to	Kenneth
Earlier, Joshua and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a computer to	Joshua
Earlier, Ryan and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a bone to	Ryan
Earlier, Alicia and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Alicia
Earlier, Katherine and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, Scott and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Emily and Andrew went to the school. Andrew gave a snack to	Emily
Earlier, Lauren and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a kiss to	Lauren
Earlier, Matthew and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a snack to	Matthew
Earlier, Shannon and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Shannon
Earlier, John and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a necklace to	John
Earlier, Jose and Christina went to the hospital. Christina gave a ring to	Jose
Earlier, Stephanie and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a bone to	Stephanie
Earlier, Joshua and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a drink to	Joshua
Earlier, Mary and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Angela and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a computer to	Angela
Earlier, Daniel and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a drink to	Daniel
Earlier, Kristen and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a necklace to	Kristen
Earlier, Joshua and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Joshua
Earlier, William and Eric went to the school. Eric gave a bone to	William
Earlier, Rebecca and Andrea went to the house. Andrea gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Earlier, Paul and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Paul
Earlier, Dustin and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a computer to	Dustin
Earlier, Jason and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a snack to	Jason
Earlier, Sean and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a ring to	Sean
Earlier, Megan and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a snack to	Megan
Earlier, Ashley and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a ring to	Ashley
Earlier, Jeremy and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Earlier, Erica and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Earlier, Richard and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Richard
Earlier, Amber and James went to the store. James gave a snack to	Amber
Earlier, Andrea and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Danielle and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a bone to	Danielle
Earlier, Eric and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a kiss to	Eric
Earlier, Bryan and James went to the garden. James gave a ring to	Bryan
Earlier, Lisa and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to	Lisa
Earlier, Michael and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a ring to	Michael
Earlier, Melissa and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a drink to	Melissa
Earlier, Melissa and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a ring to	Melissa
Earlier, Brandon and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Michael and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Michael
Earlier, Megan and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a snack to	Megan
Earlier, Tiffany and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a computer to	Tiffany
Earlier, Tyler and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a bone to	Tyler
Earlier, Tiffany and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a bone to	Tiffany
Earlier, Dustin and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Dustin
Earlier, Lisa and James went to the station. James gave a drink to	Lisa
Earlier, Lindsay and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Jose and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to	Jose
Earlier, Bradley and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a snack to	Bradley
Earlier, Timothy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Timothy
Earlier, Laura and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Laura
Earlier, Katie and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Katie
Earlier, Andrea and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Andrea
Earlier, Nicholas and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a bone to	Nicholas
Earlier, Christopher and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a computer to	Christopher
Earlier, Samantha and Allison went to the house. Allison gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Timothy and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a snack to	Timothy
Earlier, Stephanie and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a ring to	Stephanie
Earlier, Danielle and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a kiss to	Danielle
Earlier, Jason and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a drink to	Jason
Earlier, Kelly and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a ring to	Kelly
Earlier, Vanessa and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a ring to	Vanessa
Earlier, Tiffany and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Earlier, Andrea and James went to the hospital. James gave a basketball to	Andrea
Earlier, Nathan and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a necklace to	Nathan
Earlier, Stephanie and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Earlier, Shannon and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a drink to	Shannon
Earlier, David and Tiffany went to the station. Tiffany gave a snack to	David
Earlier, Laura and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to	Laura
Earlier, Amy and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a computer to	Amy
Earlier, Patrick and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Patrick
Earlier, Melissa and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a ring to	Melissa
Earlier, Alicia and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a computer to	Alicia
Earlier, Anthony and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a kiss to	Anthony
Earlier, Rachel and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Steven and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a necklace to	Steven
Earlier, Paul and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a basketball to	Paul
Earlier, Joshua and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Richard and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a kiss to	Richard
Earlier, Shannon and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a basketball to	Shannon
Earlier, Kelly and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a basketball to	Kelly
Earlier, Courtney and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a ring to	Courtney
Earlier, Dustin and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a computer to	Dustin
Earlier, Emily and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to	Emily
Earlier, Christine and Jesse went to the school. Jesse gave a drink to	Christine
Earlier, Kimberly and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a drink to	Kimberly
Earlier, Daniel and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a drink to	Daniel
Earlier, Jessica and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a drink to	Jessica
Earlier, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a ring to	Nicole
Earlier, Christina and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a ring to	Christina
Earlier, Aaron and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Kristen and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a bone to	Kristen
Earlier, Rachel and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a necklace to	Rachel
Earlier, Amanda and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Amanda
Earlier, Jeremy and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Earlier, William and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to	William
Earlier, Sara and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a computer to	Sara
Earlier, Lindsay and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a bone to	Lindsay
Earlier, Michael and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a necklace to	Michael
Earlier, Samuel and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Samuel
Earlier, Patrick and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Patrick
Earlier, Kyle and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a snack to	Kyle
Earlier, Rachel and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a computer to	Rachel
Earlier, Charles and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a bone to	Charles
Earlier, Scott and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Patrick and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a bone to	Patrick
Earlier, Robert and Steven went to the garden. Steven gave a bone to	Robert
Earlier, Lisa and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a basketball to	Lisa
Earlier, Erin and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a drink to	Erin
Earlier, Jacob and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a computer to	Jacob
Earlier, Sarah and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a ring to	Sarah
Earlier, Jason and Rebecca went to the garden. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jason
Earlier, Michelle and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a basketball to	Michelle
Earlier, Adam and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Adam
Earlier, Michael and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Michael
Earlier, Alexander and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a snack to	Alexander
Earlier, Jesse and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Jesse
Earlier, Christina and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a drink to	Christina
Earlier, Matthew and Adam went to the restaurant. Adam gave a ring to	Matthew
Earlier, Mary and David went to the house. David gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Thomas and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Thomas
Earlier, Sarah and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Sarah
Earlier, Nathan and Kevin went to the office. Kevin gave a kiss to	Nathan
Earlier, Bryan and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a snack to	Bryan
Earlier, Samantha and Kristen went to the hospital. Kristen gave a basketball to	Samantha
Earlier, Alexander and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a basketball to	Alexander
Earlier, Nicole and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a ring to	Nicole
Earlier, Jessica and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Jessica
Earlier, Bryan and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a drink to	Bryan
Earlier, Alexander and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a kiss to	Alexander
Earlier, Heather and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a bone to	Heather
Earlier, Andrea and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to	Andrea
Earlier, Amanda and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a bone to	Amanda
Earlier, Lindsay and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a bone to	Lindsay
Earlier, Katherine and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a necklace to	Katherine
Earlier, Brandon and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a snack to	Brandon
Earlier, Christine and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a basketball to	Christine
Earlier, Stephen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a snack to	Stephen
Earlier, Justin and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a kiss to	Justin
Earlier, Jeffrey and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Jose and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Melissa and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a computer to	Melissa
Earlier, Jeremy and Heather went to the school. Heather gave a computer to	Jeremy
Earlier, Kelly and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a basketball to	Kelly
Earlier, Jennifer and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a snack to	Jennifer
Earlier, Lisa and Kimberly went to the store. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Lisa
Earlier, Bradley and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a ring to	Bradley
Earlier, Kevin and Rebecca went to the store. Rebecca gave a computer to	Kevin
Earlier, Joshua and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a necklace to	Joshua
Earlier, Lindsey and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a kiss to	Lindsey
Earlier, Danielle and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a bone to	Danielle
Earlier, Brian and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a drink to	Brian
Earlier, Richard and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a drink to	Richard
Earlier, Lindsey and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Earlier, Ryan and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a kiss to	Ryan
Earlier, Benjamin and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Earlier, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a computer to	Megan
Earlier, Mark and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a snack to	Mark
Earlier, Crystal and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a drink to	Crystal
Earlier, Dustin and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a kiss to	Dustin
Earlier, Charles and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a basketball to	Charles
Earlier, Danielle and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a ring to	Danielle
Earlier, Christina and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Christina
Earlier, Anthony and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a basketball to	Anthony
Earlier, Rachel and John went to the store. John gave a computer to	Rachel
Earlier, Jamie and Charles went to the restaurant. Charles gave a necklace to	Jamie
Earlier, Thomas and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Thomas
Earlier, James and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	James
Earlier, Jonathan and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Jonathan
Earlier, Rebecca and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Rebecca
Earlier, Alexander and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a ring to	Alexander
Earlier, Travis and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a kiss to	Travis
Earlier, Jennifer and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a ring to	Jennifer
Earlier, Erica and Alicia went to the hospital. Alicia gave a ring to	Erica
Earlier, Joshua and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Bradley and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a snack to	Bradley
Earlier, Emily and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Emily
Earlier, Christopher and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a drink to	Christopher
Earlier, Crystal and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to	Crystal
Earlier, Samuel and William went to the garden. William gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Kristen and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a ring to	Kristen
Earlier, David and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a basketball to	David
Earlier, Kyle and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a drink to	Kyle
Earlier, Katie and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, Brian and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a snack to	Brian
Earlier, Erin and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a basketball to	Erin
Earlier, Courtney and David went to the station. David gave a ring to	Courtney
Earlier, Sara and John went to the store. John gave a drink to	Sara
Earlier, Erica and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Earlier, Samuel and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, Samuel and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Shannon and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a snack to	Shannon
Earlier, Dustin and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Dustin
Earlier, Christine and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a snack to	Christine
Earlier, Nicholas and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a ring to	Nicholas
Earlier, Shannon and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a ring to	Shannon
Earlier, Steven and Sara went to the store. Sara gave a drink to	Steven
Earlier, Vanessa and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a drink to	Vanessa
Earlier, Sara and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a basketball to	Sara
Earlier, Tyler and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a basketball to	Tyler
Earlier, Travis and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a drink to	Travis
Earlier, Christopher and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a kiss to	Christopher
Earlier, Nicole and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Sean and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a necklace to	Sean
Earlier, Courtney and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Courtney
Earlier, Justin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a snack to	Justin
Earlier, John and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	John
Earlier, Jessica and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Jessica
Earlier, Lindsey and Samantha went to the house. Samantha gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Earlier, Emily and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a snack to	Emily
Earlier, Brandon and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Jose and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Tiffany and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Earlier, Charles and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a computer to	Charles
Earlier, Brian and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a bone to	Brian
Earlier, Emily and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to	Emily
Earlier, Nicole and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a computer to	Nicole
Earlier, Brittany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a kiss to	Brittany
Earlier, Kristen and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a drink to	Kristen
Earlier, Scott and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Bryan and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a kiss to	Bryan
Earlier, Jacob and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a basketball to	Jacob
Earlier, Benjamin and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a computer to	Benjamin
Earlier, Lindsay and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Lindsay
Earlier, Amber and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a drink to	Amber
Earlier, Ashley and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Ashley
Earlier, Matthew and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a drink to	Matthew
Earlier, Tiffany and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jose and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a basketball to	Jose
Earlier, Cody and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a drink to	Cody
Earlier, Kristen and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Kristen
Earlier, Jamie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Jamie
Earlier, Joseph and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a snack to	Joseph
Earlier, Scott and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a drink to	Scott
Earlier, Sarah and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a ring to	Sarah
Earlier, Matthew and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Matthew
Earlier, Christine and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a ring to	Christine
Earlier, Dustin and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a ring to	Dustin
Earlier, Mark and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a drink to	Mark
Earlier, Amanda and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a bone to	Amanda
Earlier, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to	Megan
Earlier, Stephanie and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Stephanie
Earlier, Dustin and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Dustin
Earlier, Brandon and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Brandon
Earlier, Lindsay and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a snack to	Lindsay
Earlier, Adam and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Adam
Earlier, Stephanie and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Earlier, Stephen and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a necklace to	Stephen
Earlier, Thomas and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a bone to	Thomas
Earlier, Megan and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Megan
Earlier, Rachel and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a kiss to	Rachel
Earlier, Adam and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a snack to	Adam
Earlier, Stephanie and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Earlier, William and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a computer to	William
Earlier, Allison and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to	Allison
Earlier, Danielle and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a drink to	Danielle
Earlier, Bradley and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to	Bradley
Earlier, Dustin and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a bone to	Dustin
Earlier, Mary and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	Mary
Earlier, Samuel and Crystal went to the school. Crystal gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Kelly and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Earlier, Amy and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Tiffany and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Earlier, Richard and Steven went to the office. Steven gave a ring to	Richard
Earlier, Erin and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a bone to	Erin
Earlier, Lisa and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to	Lisa
Earlier, Tyler and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to	Tyler
Earlier, Ashley and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a bone to	Ashley
Earlier, Eric and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to	Eric
Earlier, David and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a kiss to	David
Earlier, Melissa and Elizabeth went to the office. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Melissa
Earlier, Rachel and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a snack to	Rachel
Earlier, Kenneth and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Earlier, Patrick and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a snack to	Patrick
Earlier, Courtney and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a drink to	Courtney
Earlier, James and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a necklace to	James
Earlier, Vanessa and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Earlier, Rachel and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Angela and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a kiss to	Angela
Earlier, Lindsay and Kelly went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to	Lindsay
Earlier, Samantha and John went to the school. John gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Rachel and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Kelly and Rachel went to the school. Rachel gave a bone to	Kelly
Earlier, Richard and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a bone to	Richard
Earlier, Megan and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Megan
Earlier, Scott and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Katie and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Katie
Earlier, Christine and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a kiss to	Christine
Earlier, Lisa and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to	Lisa
Earlier, Jason and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a snack to	Jason
Earlier, Thomas and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Thomas
Earlier, Crystal and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a necklace to	Crystal
Earlier, Richard and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a computer to	Richard
Earlier, Anthony and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a snack to	Anthony
Earlier, Ashley and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Ashley
Earlier, Katie and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, Andrea and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a snack to	Andrea
Earlier, Michelle and Aaron went to the station. Aaron gave a snack to	Michelle
Earlier, Amy and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a drink to	Amy
Earlier, Steven and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a bone to	Steven
Earlier, Andrea and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Shannon and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a snack to	Shannon
Earlier, Mary and William went to the restaurant. William gave a computer to	Mary
Earlier, Nicole and Emily went to the store. Emily gave a ring to	Nicole
Earlier, Andrea and Elizabeth went to the station. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Nathan and William went to the station. William gave a kiss to	Nathan
Earlier, William and Mary went to the station. Mary gave a basketball to	William
Earlier, Jacob and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Earlier, Kyle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Kyle
Earlier, Brandon and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a basketball to	Brandon
Earlier, Jeffrey and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Tyler and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a drink to	Tyler
Earlier, Bradley and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Bradley
Earlier, Brandon and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Tiffany and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a snack to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jacob and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a bone to	Jacob
Earlier, Danielle and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a basketball to	Danielle
Earlier, Lindsay and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a drink to	Lindsay
Earlier, Courtney and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a basketball to	Courtney
Earlier, Kevin and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a bone to	Kevin
Earlier, Courtney and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a necklace to	Courtney
Earlier, Scott and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Scott
Earlier, Shannon and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a ring to	Shannon
Earlier, Alicia and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a snack to	Alicia
Earlier, Angela and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Angela
Earlier, Stephen and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a computer to	Stephen
Earlier, Robert and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a computer to	Robert
Earlier, Eric and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a necklace to	Eric
Earlier, Thomas and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a necklace to	Thomas
Earlier, Jacob and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a ring to	Jacob
Earlier, Andrea and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a computer to	Andrea
Earlier, Michelle and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a necklace to	Michelle
Earlier, Kyle and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to	Kyle
Earlier, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Jesse
Earlier, Amanda and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amanda
Earlier, Brandon and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Kevin and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a drink to	Kevin
Earlier, Erin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Erin
Earlier, Tyler and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Tyler
Earlier, Ryan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a ring to	Ryan
Earlier, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Amber
Earlier, Amanda and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a necklace to	Amanda
Earlier, Alexander and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a computer to	Alexander
Earlier, Christopher and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a basketball to	Christopher
Earlier, Shannon and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Shannon
Earlier, Stephanie and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Earlier, Katie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Katie
Earlier, Robert and William went to the station. William gave a snack to	Robert
Earlier, Amy and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Joshua and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a basketball to	Joshua
Earlier, Ashley and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to	Ashley
Earlier, Jose and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Sara and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Sara
Earlier, Rebecca and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Earlier, Andrea and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to	Andrea
Earlier, Jeremy and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Earlier, Mary and John went to the station. John gave a kiss to	Mary
Earlier, Dustin and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a computer to	Dustin
Earlier, Tyler and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a computer to	Tyler
Earlier, Brian and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a snack to	Brian
Earlier, Jesse and Vanessa went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a drink to	Jesse
Earlier, Jose and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a snack to	Jose
Earlier, Kelly and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a drink to	Kelly
Earlier, John and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a snack to	John
Earlier, Emily and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a computer to	Emily
Earlier, Elizabeth and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Elizabeth
Earlier, John and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a computer to	John
Earlier, Jessica and Samuel went to the house. Samuel gave a bone to	Jessica
Earlier, Jessica and Kyle went to the hospital. Kyle gave a bone to	Jessica
Earlier, Christina and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a bone to	Christina
Earlier, Jacob and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a computer to	Jacob
Earlier, Sara and Gregory went to the house. Gregory gave a snack to	Sara
Earlier, Michelle and James went to the restaurant. James gave a kiss to	Michelle
Earlier, Amber and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a necklace to	Amber
Earlier, Benjamin and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Earlier, Travis and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a basketball to	Travis
Earlier, David and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a kiss to	David
Earlier, Vanessa and James went to the house. James gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Earlier, Ryan and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a snack to	Ryan
Earlier, Jacob and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a ring to	Jacob
Earlier, Kyle and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a drink to	Kyle
Earlier, Katie and Tyler went to the hospital. Tyler gave a drink to	Katie
Earlier, Brittany and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a bone to	Brittany
Earlier, Christine and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a computer to	Christine
Earlier, Laura and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a computer to	Laura
Earlier, Tyler and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Tyler
Earlier, Daniel and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a kiss to	Daniel
Earlier, Jeremy and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a necklace to	Jeremy
Earlier, Daniel and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a snack to	Daniel
Earlier, Katie and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a drink to	Katie
Earlier, Jessica and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a kiss to	Jessica
Earlier, Daniel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a basketball to	Daniel
Earlier, Eric and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a basketball to	Eric
Earlier, Scott and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a bone to	Scott
Earlier, Ryan and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Ryan
Earlier, Megan and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a kiss to	Megan
Earlier, Jacob and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a drink to	Jacob
Earlier, William and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Elizabeth and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Tyler and Nathan went to the house. Nathan gave a necklace to	Tyler
Earlier, Jose and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a drink to	Jose
Earlier, Jessica and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a drink to	Jessica
Earlier, Sean and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a computer to	Sean
Earlier, Bryan and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a drink to	Bryan
Earlier, Shannon and Benjamin went to the store. Benjamin gave a bone to	Shannon
Earlier, Michael and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a drink to	Michael
Earlier, Stephanie and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a bone to	Stephanie
Earlier, Rebecca and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a drink to	Rebecca
Earlier, Aaron and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a bone to	Aaron
Earlier, Kenneth and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a basketball to	Kenneth
Earlier, Allison and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a necklace to	Allison
Earlier, Andrea and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a kiss to	Andrea
Earlier, Cody and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a ring to	Cody
Earlier, Lauren and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a bone to	Lauren
Earlier, Melissa and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a snack to	Melissa
Earlier, Jeffrey and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a drink to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Andrew and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a bone to	Andrew
Earlier, Gregory and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a kiss to	Gregory
Earlier, Elizabeth and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Patrick and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Patrick
Earlier, Laura and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a snack to	Laura
Earlier, Brian and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to	Brian
Earlier, Kenneth and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Earlier, Mark and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a computer to	Mark
Earlier, Justin and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a computer to	Justin
Earlier, Charles and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Charles
Earlier, Alicia and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a snack to	Alicia
Earlier, Kristen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a basketball to	Kristen
Earlier, Melissa and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a kiss to	Melissa
Earlier, Katherine and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a computer to	Katherine
Earlier, Tyler and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Tyler
Earlier, Alicia and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a snack to	Alicia
Earlier, Samuel and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Adam and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a kiss to	Adam
Earlier, James and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a necklace to	James
Earlier, Sean and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a kiss to	Sean
Earlier, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the hospital. Elizabeth gave a computer to	Kimberly
Earlier, Brandon and Heather went to the store. Heather gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Mark and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to	Mark
Earlier, Joshua and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a bone to	Joshua
Earlier, Crystal and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to	Crystal
Earlier, Dustin and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a necklace to	Dustin
Earlier, Amber and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to	Amber
Earlier, Ryan and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a kiss to	Ryan
Earlier, Erica and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Erica
Earlier, Paul and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a basketball to	Paul
Earlier, Joseph and Jessica went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to	Joseph
Earlier, Amanda and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a basketball to	Amanda
Earlier, Patrick and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a kiss to	Patrick
Earlier, Rachel and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a computer to	Rachel
Earlier, Emily and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a computer to	Emily
Earlier, Jamie and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a ring to	Jamie
Earlier, Matthew and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a ring to	Matthew
Earlier, Steven and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a snack to	Steven
Earlier, Scott and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a kiss to	Scott
Earlier, Kimberly and Aaron went to the office. Aaron gave a ring to	Kimberly
Earlier, Mary and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Steven and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a computer to	Steven
Earlier, Heather and Amy went to the store. Amy gave a computer to	Heather
Earlier, Mary and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a kiss to	Mary
Earlier, Vanessa and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Earlier, Kenneth and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Kenneth
Earlier, Lauren and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a necklace to	Lauren
Earlier, Bradley and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a bone to	Bradley
Earlier, Matthew and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a snack to	Matthew
Earlier, Emily and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Earlier, Adam and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Adam
Earlier, Vanessa and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a computer to	Vanessa
Earlier, Mary and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Michelle and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a computer to	Michelle
Earlier, Kelly and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Earlier, Paul and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a bone to	Paul
Earlier, Jeffrey and Charles went to the hospital. Charles gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Aaron and Ryan went to the garden. Ryan gave a bone to	Aaron
Earlier, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Justin and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a necklace to	Justin
Earlier, Erin and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a basketball to	Erin
Earlier, Laura and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Laura
Earlier, William and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	William
Earlier, Sean and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to	Sean
Earlier, Cody and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a necklace to	Cody
Earlier, Vanessa and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a bone to	Vanessa
Earlier, Courtney and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a kiss to	Courtney
Earlier, Benjamin and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a ring to	Benjamin
Earlier, Andrew and Christopher went to the store. Christopher gave a bone to	Andrew
Earlier, Adam and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a kiss to	Adam
Earlier, Melissa and Jennifer went to the house. Jennifer gave a bone to	Melissa
Earlier, Rebecca and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Rebecca
Earlier, Travis and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to	Travis
Earlier, Rebecca and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Rebecca
Earlier, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a necklace to	Emily
Earlier, Ashley and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a bone to	Ashley
Earlier, Daniel and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a kiss to	Daniel
Earlier, Justin and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a drink to	Justin
Earlier, Cody and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a necklace to	Cody
Earlier, Charles and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a necklace to	Charles
Earlier, Brandon and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Andrea and James went to the garden. James gave a necklace to	Andrea
Earlier, Joshua and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a drink to	Joshua
Earlier, Nicholas and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a drink to	Nicholas
Earlier, Katherine and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a kiss to	Katherine
Earlier, Kimberly and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a kiss to	Kimberly
Earlier, Courtney and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a drink to	Courtney
Earlier, Jeremy and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a bone to	Jeremy
Earlier, Mary and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to	Mary
Earlier, Erica and Nicole went to the office. Nicole gave a snack to	Erica
Earlier, Rachel and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Ryan and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a bone to	Ryan
Earlier, Elizabeth and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Aaron and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a necklace to	Aaron
Earlier, Brian and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a ring to	Brian
Earlier, Andrew and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a necklace to	Andrew
Earlier, Amy and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Sarah and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a drink to	Sarah
Earlier, Christina and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a snack to	Christina
Earlier, Brandon and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Kristen and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a computer to	Kristen
Earlier, Nicole and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Nicole
Earlier, Kevin and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a drink to	Kevin
Earlier, Tyler and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Jacob and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to	Jacob
Earlier, Timothy and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a ring to	Timothy
Earlier, Thomas and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a kiss to	Thomas
Earlier, Courtney and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a ring to	Courtney
Earlier, Lisa and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a basketball to	Lisa
Earlier, Jeffrey and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a basketball to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Sean and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a drink to	Sean
Earlier, James and Courtney went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a drink to	James
Earlier, Kenneth and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a bone to	Kenneth
Earlier, Vanessa and Jason went to the store. Jason gave a ring to	Vanessa
Earlier, Scott and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a bone to	Scott
Earlier, Samuel and Joseph went to the hospital. Joseph gave a computer to	Samuel
Earlier, Kenneth and Tyler went to the house. Tyler gave a ring to	Kenneth
Earlier, Patrick and John went to the office. John gave a drink to	Patrick
Earlier, Eric and William went to the office. William gave a necklace to	Eric
Earlier, Andrew and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a snack to	Andrew
Earlier, Nicole and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Nicole
Earlier, Erica and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Erica
Earlier, Nicole and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Courtney and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a bone to	Courtney
Earlier, Andrea and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a snack to	Andrea
Earlier, Emily and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Emily
Earlier, Jennifer and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a kiss to	Jennifer
Earlier, Sarah and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a necklace to	Sarah
Earlier, Erica and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a basketball to	Erica
Earlier, Amy and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a basketball to	Amy
Earlier, Nicole and Timothy went to the station. Timothy gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Mary and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a basketball to	Mary
Earlier, Danielle and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to	Danielle
Earlier, Brian and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Brian
Earlier, Brian and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a necklace to	Brian
Earlier, Amber and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a drink to	Amber
Earlier, David and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to	David
Earlier, Amanda and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a ring to	Amanda
Earlier, Angela and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a snack to	Angela
Earlier, Justin and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Justin
Earlier, Samantha and Nicholas went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a computer to	Samantha
Earlier, Steven and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a snack to	Steven
Earlier, Erica and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Erica
Earlier, Bryan and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Bryan
Earlier, Rachel and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a drink to	Rachel
Earlier, Jacob and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a ring to	Jacob
Earlier, Stephanie and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Stephanie
Earlier, Mary and Katie went to the house. Katie gave a computer to	Mary
Earlier, Thomas and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a drink to	Thomas
Earlier, Laura and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a computer to	Laura
Earlier, Brittany and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a snack to	Brittany
Earlier, Ryan and Sean went to the store. Sean gave a bone to	Ryan
Earlier, Elizabeth and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Travis and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a computer to	Travis
Earlier, Jennifer and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a basketball to	Jennifer
Earlier, Lisa and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a basketball to	Lisa
Earlier, Thomas and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a ring to	Thomas
Earlier, Kelly and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a kiss to	Kelly
Earlier, Steven and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a bone to	Steven
Earlier, Bradley and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a ring to	Bradley
Earlier, Jacob and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Jacob
Earlier, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Laura and Charles went to the school. Charles gave a kiss to	Laura
Earlier, Ashley and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Earlier, Joshua and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a computer to	Joshua
Earlier, Elizabeth and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Laura and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Laura
Earlier, Brittany and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a snack to	Brittany
Earlier, Lindsay and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Lindsay
Earlier, Stephen and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to	Stephen
Earlier, Mary and Megan went to the office. Megan gave a necklace to	Mary
Earlier, Timothy and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Timothy
Earlier, Kelly and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a computer to	Kelly
Earlier, Katie and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a computer to	Katie
Earlier, Heather and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a snack to	Heather
Earlier, Bryan and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Bryan
Earlier, Jamie and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to	Jamie
Earlier, Paul and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Paul
Earlier, Jamie and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a computer to	Jamie
Earlier, Timothy and Bryan went to the store. Bryan gave a snack to	Timothy
Earlier, Adam and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Adam
Earlier, Christina and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a snack to	Christina
Earlier, Patrick and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a bone to	Patrick
Earlier, Amy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Amy
Earlier, James and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a basketball to	James
Earlier, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Earlier, Ashley and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to	Ashley
Earlier, Thomas and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to	Thomas
Earlier, Jennifer and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a drink to	Jennifer
Earlier, Stephen and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to	Stephen
Earlier, Andrew and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Andrew
Earlier, Stephanie and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a computer to	Stephanie
Earlier, Alexander and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a ring to	Alexander
Earlier, Emily and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to	Emily
Earlier, Charles and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a necklace to	Charles
Earlier, Matthew and Joshua went to the hospital. Joshua gave a computer to	Matthew
Earlier, Aaron and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a basketball to	Aaron
Earlier, Melissa and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a computer to	Melissa
Earlier, Lisa and Dustin went to the station. Dustin gave a drink to	Lisa
Earlier, John and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a bone to	John
Earlier, Christine and James went to the office. James gave a snack to	Christine
Earlier, Kristen and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a bone to	Kristen
Earlier, Rebecca and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to	Rebecca
Earlier, Laura and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a ring to	Laura
Earlier, Samantha and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a computer to	Samantha
Earlier, James and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a snack to	James
Earlier, Christopher and Richard went to the house. Richard gave a basketball to	Christopher
Earlier, Tyler and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a kiss to	Tyler
Earlier, Charles and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to	Charles
Earlier, Joseph and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a snack to	Joseph
Earlier, Scott and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Thomas and Danielle went to the station. Danielle gave a computer to	Thomas
Earlier, Jose and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a computer to	Jose
Earlier, Laura and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a drink to	Laura
Earlier, John and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	John
Earlier, Tiffany and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a computer to	Tiffany
Earlier, Bradley and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Bradley
Earlier, Emily and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Emily
Earlier, Katherine and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a snack to	Katherine
Earlier, Scott and Jesse went to the hospital. Jesse gave a ring to	Scott
Earlier, David and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	David
Earlier, Jesse and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Jesse
Earlier, Jesse and Amanda went to the office. Amanda gave a ring to	Jesse
Earlier, Nicole and Thomas went to the store. Thomas gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Tyler and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a ring to	Tyler
Earlier, Jacob and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Earlier, Alicia and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a ring to	Alicia
Earlier, Tyler and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a basketball to	Tyler
Earlier, Alexander and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a drink to	Alexander
Earlier, Laura and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a computer to	Laura
Earlier, Kenneth and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a drink to	Kenneth
Earlier, Patrick and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a necklace to	Patrick
Earlier, William and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Amber and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amber
Earlier, Eric and David went to the restaurant. David gave a snack to	Eric
Earlier, Ashley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Earlier, Heather and Mary went to the store. Mary gave a kiss to	Heather
Earlier, Erica and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a ring to	Erica
Earlier, Jessica and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to	Jessica
Earlier, Kelly and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a bone to	Kelly
Earlier, Rebecca and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Rebecca
Earlier, Sean and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a drink to	Sean
Earlier, Patrick and Sarah went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a ring to	Patrick
Earlier, Kimberly and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a computer to	Kimberly
Earlier, Vanessa and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a computer to	Vanessa
Earlier, Cody and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a bone to	Cody
Earlier, Lisa and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a ring to	Lisa
Earlier, Nathan and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a computer to	Nathan
Earlier, Jeffrey and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Brandon and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Vanessa and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Earlier, Stephen and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a snack to	Stephen
Earlier, Brandon and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Ashley and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a basketball to	Ashley
Earlier, Amber and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a necklace to	Amber
Earlier, Angela and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to	Angela
Earlier, Laura and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a snack to	Laura
Earlier, Cody and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Cody
Earlier, Tyler and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Tyler
Earlier, Samantha and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	Samantha
Earlier, Stephanie and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Earlier, Anthony and Kenneth went to the hospital. Kenneth gave a drink to	Anthony
Earlier, Samantha and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a computer to	Samantha
Earlier, Laura and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a basketball to	Laura
Earlier, Andrea and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a basketball to	Andrea
Earlier, Stephanie and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a computer to	Stephanie
Earlier, Samantha and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Eric and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a drink to	Eric
Earlier, Aaron and David went to the house. David gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Joshua and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Amy and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Amy
Earlier, Jeremy and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Earlier, Aaron and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Elizabeth and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Kyle and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a basketball to	Kyle
Earlier, Nicholas and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a basketball to	Nicholas
Earlier, Laura and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a basketball to	Laura
Earlier, Gregory and Brandon went to the office. Brandon gave a bone to	Gregory
Earlier, Melissa and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a snack to	Melissa
Earlier, Matthew and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a computer to	Matthew
Earlier, Gregory and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a bone to	Gregory
Earlier, Rebecca and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Earlier, Ryan and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Ryan
Earlier, Stephanie and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Earlier, Ryan and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a basketball to	Ryan
Earlier, Amanda and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a kiss to	Amanda
Earlier, Adam and Matthew went to the hospital. Matthew gave a drink to	Adam
Earlier, Samuel and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, Stephen and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a snack to	Stephen
Earlier, Thomas and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to	Thomas
Earlier, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Kimberly
Earlier, Heather and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Heather
Earlier, Brittany and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a bone to	Brittany
Earlier, Joseph and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Joseph
Earlier, Jonathan and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a necklace to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jose and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jose
Earlier, Stephanie and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Stephanie
Earlier, Benjamin and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a snack to	Benjamin
Earlier, Elizabeth and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a ring to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Lisa and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Lisa
Earlier, Shannon and John went to the office. John gave a ring to	Shannon
Earlier, Danielle and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Danielle
Earlier, Tyler and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Kristen and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Kristen
Earlier, Jacob and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to	Jacob
Earlier, Cody and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a bone to	Cody
Earlier, Robert and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to	Robert
Earlier, Erica and Jeffrey went to the station. Jeffrey gave a drink to	Erica
Earlier, Jacob and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a necklace to	Jacob
Earlier, Matthew and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Matthew
Earlier, Tiffany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a snack to	Tiffany
Earlier, Stephen and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Stephen
Earlier, Christopher and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a ring to	Christopher
Earlier, Brian and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a necklace to	Brian
Earlier, Angela and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, Mary and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Samantha and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Steven and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a drink to	Steven
Earlier, Lindsay and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Justin and Sara went to the house. Sara gave a basketball to	Justin
Earlier, Joshua and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a drink to	Joshua
Earlier, William and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to	William
Earlier, William and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Jonathan and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a drink to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jessica and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Jessica
Earlier, Richard and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to	Richard
Earlier, Charles and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to	Charles
Earlier, Mary and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Nicholas and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a snack to	Nicholas
Earlier, Gregory and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a kiss to	Gregory
Earlier, Nicole and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Kristen and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Kristen
Earlier, Jeremy and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a drink to	Jeremy
Earlier, Ashley and Vanessa went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a bone to	Ashley
Earlier, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jonathan and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Earlier, Sean and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Sean
Earlier, Daniel and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a necklace to	Daniel
Earlier, Jamie and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to	Jamie
Earlier, Jacob and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a necklace to	Jacob
Earlier, Amy and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Amy
Earlier, Paul and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a snack to	Paul
Earlier, Jennifer and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a drink to	Jennifer
Earlier, William and Emily went to the hospital. Emily gave a basketball to	William
Earlier, Lauren and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a basketball to	Lauren
Earlier, Paul and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a kiss to	Paul
Earlier, Stephanie and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a computer to	Stephanie
Earlier, Justin and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a necklace to	Justin
Earlier, Ashley and William went to the store. William gave a computer to	Ashley
Earlier, Danielle and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a ring to	Danielle
Earlier, Nicole and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a ring to	Nicole
Earlier, Samantha and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to	Samantha
Earlier, Kristen and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Kristen
Earlier, Nicole and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Dustin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a computer to	Dustin
Earlier, Amy and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a basketball to	Amy
Earlier, Ashley and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a basketball to	Ashley
Earlier, Jason and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a snack to	Jason
Earlier, Kyle and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to	Kyle
Earlier, Richard and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a necklace to	Richard
Earlier, Mark and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Mark
Earlier, Nathan and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a drink to	Nathan
Earlier, Stephanie and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Earlier, Steven and Dustin went to the house. Dustin gave a basketball to	Steven
Earlier, Jesse and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a basketball to	Jesse
Earlier, Sara and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a drink to	Sara
Earlier, Amanda and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a basketball to	Amanda
Earlier, Nicole and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Nicole
Earlier, Bradley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a computer to	Bradley
Earlier, Thomas and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a computer to	Thomas
Earlier, Angela and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a kiss to	Angela
Earlier, Ryan and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a computer to	Ryan
Earlier, Joseph and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a snack to	Joseph
Earlier, Thomas and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to	Thomas
Earlier, Melissa and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a necklace to	Melissa
Earlier, Brian and Brandon went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a basketball to	Brian
Earlier, Kimberly and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a ring to	Kimberly
Earlier, Andrea and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Andrea
Earlier, Scott and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a kiss to	Scott
Earlier, David and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a drink to	David
Earlier, Michelle and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Michelle
Earlier, Jose and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a basketball to	Jose
Earlier, Katherine and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Katherine
Earlier, Christina and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to	Christina
Earlier, Sara and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a computer to	Sara
Earlier, Lindsay and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Lindsay
Earlier, Amber and Patrick went to the station. Patrick gave a snack to	Amber
Earlier, Katherine and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, James and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a bone to	James
Earlier, Jeremy and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to	Jeremy
Earlier, Christina and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a snack to	Christina
Earlier, Mary and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Robert and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Robert
Earlier, Timothy and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a drink to	Timothy
Earlier, Mary and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Mary
Earlier, Brandon and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a drink to	Brandon
Earlier, Jamie and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a drink to	Jamie
Earlier, Jeffrey and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Tiffany and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jesse and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a kiss to	Jesse
Earlier, Brittany and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brittany
Earlier, Lindsay and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to	Lindsay
Earlier, Jonathan and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Earlier, Mark and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Mark
Earlier, Aaron and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Jose and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Jose
Earlier, Kristen and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a bone to	Kristen
Earlier, Nicole and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Nicole
Earlier, Jacob and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Jacob
Earlier, Erin and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Erin
Earlier, Jacob and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a ring to	Jacob
Earlier, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a bone to	Stephen
Earlier, Courtney and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a bone to	Courtney
Earlier, Lindsay and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a computer to	Lindsay
Earlier, Cody and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a snack to	Cody
Earlier, Mary and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Mary
Earlier, Amy and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Paul and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a necklace to	Paul
Earlier, Richard and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a snack to	Richard
Earlier, Andrew and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a basketball to	Andrew
Earlier, Nicholas and Alicia went to the station. Alicia gave a drink to	Nicholas
Earlier, Sara and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Sara
Earlier, Matthew and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	Matthew
Earlier, Katie and Stephen went to the house. Stephen gave a kiss to	Katie
Earlier, Stephen and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Stephen
Earlier, Dustin and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a kiss to	Dustin
Earlier, Jennifer and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Jennifer
Earlier, Jason and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a kiss to	Jason
Earlier, Stephen and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a bone to	Stephen
Earlier, Jose and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Robert and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a bone to	Robert
Earlier, Heather and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Heather
Earlier, Erin and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Erin
Earlier, Samuel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Kevin and James went to the office. James gave a ring to	Kevin
Earlier, Crystal and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a necklace to	Crystal
Earlier, Andrea and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a ring to	Andrea
Earlier, Rachel and Michael went to the house. Michael gave a basketball to	Rachel
Earlier, Amanda and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a ring to	Amanda
Earlier, Joseph and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a bone to	Joseph
Earlier, Andrea and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a drink to	Andrea
Earlier, Sara and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a necklace to	Sara
Earlier, Patrick and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Patrick
Earlier, Lindsay and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a snack to	Lindsay
Earlier, John and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a drink to	John
Earlier, Ryan and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Ryan
Earlier, Amy and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a snack to	Amy
Earlier, Anthony and Sara went to the school. Sara gave a snack to	Anthony
Earlier, Scott and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a drink to	Scott
Earlier, Kristen and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a basketball to	Kristen
Earlier, Christina and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Christina
Earlier, Bryan and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a ring to	Bryan
Earlier, Richard and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Richard
Earlier, Christine and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a drink to	Christine
Earlier, Amber and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a ring to	Amber
Earlier, Tyler and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a ring to	Tyler
Earlier, Richard and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a snack to	Richard
Earlier, Jason and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a ring to	Jason
Earlier, Aaron and Michelle went to the store. Michelle gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Mark and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to	Mark
Earlier, Katie and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to	Katie
Earlier, Mark and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Mark
Earlier, William and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a snack to	William
Earlier, Patrick and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a necklace to	Patrick
Earlier, Crystal and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a ring to	Crystal
Earlier, Gregory and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a drink to	Gregory
Earlier, Richard and Katie went to the restaurant. Katie gave a computer to	Richard
Earlier, Lindsey and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Earlier, Amy and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a bone to	Amy
Earlier, Sarah and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Sarah
Earlier, Courtney and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a drink to	Courtney
Earlier, Eric and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a drink to	Eric
Earlier, Jessica and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a ring to	Jessica
Earlier, Scott and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Alicia and Jacob went to the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to	Alicia
Earlier, Kristen and Jesse went to the garden. Jesse gave a ring to	Kristen
Earlier, Cody and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a bone to	Cody
Earlier, Lauren and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a kiss to	Lauren
Earlier, Anthony and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a bone to	Anthony
Earlier, Lisa and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a kiss to	Lisa
Earlier, Adam and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a bone to	Adam
Earlier, Tyler and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Mark and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a basketball to	Mark
Earlier, James and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a snack to	James
Earlier, Eric and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a ring to	Eric
Earlier, Joshua and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a kiss to	Joshua
Earlier, Andrea and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a drink to	Andrea
Earlier, Kyle and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a bone to	Kyle
Earlier, Nathan and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Nathan
Earlier, Laura and James went to the restaurant. James gave a computer to	Laura
Earlier, Rachel and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to	Rachel
Earlier, Kenneth and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Earlier, Robert and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a necklace to	Robert
Earlier, Tyler and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a drink to	Tyler
Earlier, Robert and Brian went to the office. Brian gave a snack to	Robert
Earlier, Adam and Andrea went to the store. Andrea gave a drink to	Adam
Earlier, Michael and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a bone to	Michael
Earlier, Allison and William went to the office. William gave a drink to	Allison
Earlier, Amber and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Amber
Earlier, Brittany and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Brittany
Earlier, Patrick and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jamie gave a computer to	Patrick
Earlier, Bryan and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a drink to	Bryan
Earlier, Ashley and Lauren went to the office. Lauren gave a necklace to	Ashley
Earlier, David and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a necklace to	David
Earlier, Brandon and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Erica and Joseph went to the house. Joseph gave a drink to	Erica
Earlier, William and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a necklace to	William
Earlier, Charles and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Charles
Earlier, Steven and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a kiss to	Steven
Earlier, Cody and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a ring to	Cody
Earlier, Mary and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a drink to	Mary
Earlier, Elizabeth and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a bone to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Amy and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Amy
Earlier, Cody and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a kiss to	Cody
Earlier, William and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Katie and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to	Katie
Earlier, Bradley and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a bone to	Bradley
Earlier, Anthony and Michael went to the garden. Michael gave a ring to	Anthony
Earlier, Brandon and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a ring to	Brandon
Earlier, Joseph and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a drink to	Joseph
Earlier, Emily and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Earlier, Samuel and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Samuel
Earlier, Brittany and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a drink to	Brittany
Earlier, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a ring to	Megan
Earlier, Nicole and William went to the house. William gave a drink to	Nicole
Earlier, Dustin and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a snack to	Dustin
Earlier, Anthony and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a drink to	Anthony
Earlier, Travis and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a drink to	Travis
Earlier, Gregory and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a snack to	Gregory
Earlier, Joshua and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a kiss to	Joshua
Earlier, Courtney and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a kiss to	Courtney
Earlier, Dustin and John went to the store. John gave a basketball to	Dustin
Earlier, Amy and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to	Amy
Earlier, Jacob and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Jacob
Earlier, Sarah and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to	Sarah
Earlier, Scott and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a snack to	Scott
Earlier, Aaron and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a ring to	Aaron
Earlier, Katherine and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Katherine
Earlier, Kimberly and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a computer to	Kimberly
Earlier, Amy and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Kenneth and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Earlier, Kyle and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a computer to	Kyle
Earlier, Jason and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a drink to	Jason
Earlier, Jeffrey and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Steven and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a kiss to	Steven
Earlier, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a snack to	Gregory
Earlier, Kyle and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a ring to	Kyle
Earlier, Joseph and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Joseph
Earlier, Kevin and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a necklace to	Kevin
Earlier, Benjamin and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a ring to	Benjamin
Earlier, Gregory and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a basketball to	Gregory
Earlier, Lauren and Angela went to the school. Angela gave a necklace to	Lauren
Earlier, Stephanie and John went to the office. John gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Earlier, Brandon and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Charles and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a ring to	Charles
Earlier, Shannon and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a necklace to	Shannon
Earlier, Courtney and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a bone to	Courtney
Earlier, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a necklace to	Gregory
Earlier, Charles and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Charles
Earlier, Daniel and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a bone to	Daniel
Earlier, Rachel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a necklace to	Rachel
Earlier, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Danielle and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a bone to	Danielle
Earlier, Allison and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a snack to	Allison
Earlier, Christopher and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a ring to	Christopher
Earlier, Erica and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a bone to	Erica
Earlier, Bryan and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a ring to	Bryan
Earlier, Christine and Jose went to the restaurant. Jose gave a bone to	Christine
Earlier, Sean and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a necklace to	Sean
Earlier, Kevin and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Kevin
Earlier, Michael and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Michael
Earlier, William and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a bone to	William
Earlier, Alexander and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a kiss to	Alexander
Earlier, Samantha and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a drink to	Samantha
Earlier, Sarah and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a bone to	Sarah
Earlier, Samuel and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, William and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a necklace to	William
Earlier, Mary and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Stephen and Heather went to the hospital. Heather gave a kiss to	Stephen
Earlier, Jacob and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a ring to	Jacob
Earlier, Samuel and Lisa went to the school. Lisa gave a computer to	Samuel
Earlier, Brian and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a ring to	Brian
Earlier, Michael and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a basketball to	Michael
Earlier, Jeffrey and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Earlier, William and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to	William
Earlier, Nathan and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a ring to	Nathan
Earlier, Timothy and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a snack to	Timothy
Earlier, Jason and Christina went to the restaurant. Christina gave a necklace to	Jason
Earlier, Jose and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Adam and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a bone to	Adam
Earlier, Crystal and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a ring to	Crystal
Earlier, Stephanie and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Earlier, Gregory and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a computer to	Gregory
Earlier, Nathan and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a basketball to	Nathan
Earlier, Robert and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a kiss to	Robert
Earlier, Brandon and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to	Brandon
Earlier, Bradley and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a snack to	Bradley
Earlier, Rachel and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a snack to	Rachel
Earlier, Aaron and David went to the station. David gave a basketball to	Aaron
Earlier, Rachel and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a basketball to	Rachel
Earlier, Ashley and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a computer to	Ashley
Earlier, Andrew and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a drink to	Andrew
Earlier, Crystal and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a kiss to	Crystal
Earlier, Lauren and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a drink to	Lauren
Earlier, Ashley and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a basketball to	Ashley
Earlier, Elizabeth and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Danielle and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a snack to	Danielle
Earlier, Jose and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a kiss to	Jose
Earlier, Matthew and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a ring to	Matthew
Earlier, Kevin and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a computer to	Kevin
Earlier, Michelle and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a bone to	Michelle
Earlier, Amanda and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a computer to	Amanda
Earlier, Melissa and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a bone to	Melissa
Earlier, Elizabeth and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Rebecca and Robert went to the house. Robert gave a basketball to	Rebecca
Earlier, Scott and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a snack to	Scott
Earlier, Joseph and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a drink to	Joseph
Earlier, Nathan and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a kiss to	Nathan
Earlier, Laura and Travis went to the school. Travis gave a necklace to	Laura
Earlier, Vanessa and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Earlier, William and Laura went to the office. Laura gave a bone to	William
Earlier, William and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a basketball to	William
Earlier, Joshua and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a kiss to	Joshua
Earlier, Cody and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a ring to	Cody
Earlier, John and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a basketball to	John
Earlier, Jeffrey and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a snack to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Bradley and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a drink to	Bradley
Earlier, Michelle and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a necklace to	Michelle
Earlier, Gregory and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a ring to	Gregory
Earlier, Courtney and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Rebecca gave a snack to	Courtney
Earlier, Christina and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a kiss to	Christina
Earlier, Jason and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a drink to	Jason
Earlier, Jennifer and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Jennifer
Earlier, Charles and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Charles
Earlier, David and Amber went to the hospital. Amber gave a basketball to	David
Earlier, Sara and Andrew went to the store. Andrew gave a drink to	Sara
Earlier, Justin and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a kiss to	Justin
Earlier, Nicole and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a snack to	Nicole
Earlier, Jacob and Kevin went to the store. Kevin gave a bone to	Jacob
Earlier, Jonathan and Christina went to the hospital. Christina gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Earlier, Ashley and James went to the garden. James gave a ring to	Ashley
Earlier, Christina and John went to the office. John gave a basketball to	Christina
Earlier, Kimberly and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a necklace to	Kimberly
Earlier, Aaron and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a drink to	Aaron
Earlier, Anthony and James went to the garden. James gave a drink to	Anthony
Earlier, Laura and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a ring to	Laura
Earlier, Jeremy and John went to the restaurant. John gave a bone to	Jeremy
Earlier, Justin and Samantha went to the house. Samantha gave a computer to	Justin
Earlier, Andrea and Sean went to the store. Sean gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Dustin and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a basketball to	Dustin
Earlier, Christina and Jesse went to the hospital. Jesse gave a computer to	Christina
Earlier, Kenneth and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a drink to	Kenneth
Earlier, Stephen and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a kiss to	Stephen
Earlier, Sean and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a necklace to	Sean
Earlier, Brian and Laura went to the garden. Laura gave a basketball to	Brian
Earlier, Robert and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a computer to	Robert
Earlier, Kristen and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a computer to	Kristen
Earlier, Amber and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to	Amber
Earlier, Angela and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a kiss to	Angela
Earlier, Joshua and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a drink to	Joshua
Earlier, James and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a computer to	James
Earlier, Stephen and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a bone to	Stephen
Earlier, Crystal and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a necklace to	Crystal
Earlier, Christine and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a ring to	Christine
Earlier, Emily and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a necklace to	Emily
Earlier, William and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a basketball to	William
Earlier, Robert and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Robert
Earlier, Mark and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a bone to	Mark
Earlier, Kristen and Lauren went to the garden. Lauren gave a snack to	Kristen
Earlier, Jonathan and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a bone to	Jonathan
Earlier, Patrick and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a snack to	Patrick
Earlier, Melissa and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a necklace to	Melissa
Earlier, Jose and Danielle went to the office. Danielle gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Katie and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, James and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a ring to	James
Earlier, Kelly and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a ring to	Kelly
Earlier, Lisa and Heather went to the school. Heather gave a necklace to	Lisa
Earlier, Lindsay and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a bone to	Lindsay
Earlier, Kenneth and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a drink to	Kenneth
Earlier, Rachel and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Amber and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a ring to	Amber
Earlier, Bradley and Kevin went to the office. Kevin gave a computer to	Bradley
Earlier, Benjamin and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a ring to	Benjamin
Earlier, Erin and David went to the house. David gave a kiss to	Erin
Earlier, Jesse and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a bone to	Jesse
Earlier, Jeffrey and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Joshua and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Joshua
Earlier, Tyler and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a computer to	Tyler
Earlier, Kimberly and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a necklace to	Kimberly
Earlier, Erin and Kenneth went to the house. Kenneth gave a computer to	Erin
Earlier, Nicole and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a kiss to	Nicole
Earlier, Danielle and Megan went to the store. Megan gave a bone to	Danielle
Earlier, Mark and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a snack to	Mark
Earlier, Katherine and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a kiss to	Katherine
Earlier, Paul and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a kiss to	Paul
Earlier, Joshua and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Erin and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a ring to	Erin
Earlier, Eric and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a kiss to	Eric
Earlier, Andrew and Kelly went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to	Andrew
Earlier, Ashley and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a computer to	Ashley
Earlier, Nicole and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a bone to	Nicole
Earlier, Jonathan and Gregory went to the house. Gregory gave a snack to	Jonathan
Earlier, Anthony and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a basketball to	Anthony
Earlier, Katie and Alicia went to the garden. Alicia gave a computer to	Katie
Earlier, Eric and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a bone to	Eric
Earlier, Brian and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a kiss to	Brian
Earlier, William and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to	William
Earlier, Erin and John went to the office. John gave a necklace to	Erin
Earlier, Nathan and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a kiss to	Nathan
Earlier, Sean and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a basketball to	Sean
Earlier, Sean and Amanda went to the store. Amanda gave a necklace to	Sean
Earlier, Gregory and Matthew went to the garden. Matthew gave a drink to	Gregory
Earlier, Emily and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a snack to	Emily
Earlier, Katie and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a basketball to	Katie
Earlier, Erin and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a necklace to	Erin
Earlier, Nathan and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a bone to	Nathan
Earlier, Brian and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a snack to	Brian
Earlier, Samantha and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Samantha
Earlier, Paul and John went to the station. John gave a computer to	Paul
Earlier, Nicole and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a drink to	Nicole
Earlier, Allison and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a necklace to	Allison
Earlier, Andrew and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a drink to	Andrew
Earlier, Samantha and William went to the house. William gave a basketball to	Samantha
Earlier, Jesse and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a necklace to	Jesse
Earlier, Lindsey and Erica went to the office. Erica gave a bone to	Lindsey
Earlier, Richard and Paul went to the store. Paul gave a kiss to	Richard
Earlier, Kenneth and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a computer to	Kenneth
Earlier, Danielle and Stephanie went to the store. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Danielle
Earlier, James and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a drink to	James
Earlier, Katie and Michael went to the station. Michael gave a drink to	Katie
Earlier, Kristen and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a kiss to	Kristen
Earlier, Courtney and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a computer to	Courtney
Earlier, Nicholas and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Nicholas
Earlier, Jeremy and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Jeremy
Earlier, Sean and Adam went to the station. Adam gave a ring to	Sean
Earlier, Jeffrey and Mark went to the house. Mark gave a basketball to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Christina and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a computer to	Christina
Earlier, Brandon and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Samantha and Mark went to the hospital. Mark gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Samantha and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Andrew and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a bone to	Andrew
Earlier, Erica and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Erica
Earlier, Eric and David went to the school. David gave a ring to	Eric
Earlier, Patrick and Bradley went to the station. Bradley gave a necklace to	Patrick
Earlier, Christina and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a drink to	Christina
Earlier, Katherine and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a computer to	Katherine
Earlier, Brian and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to	Brian
Earlier, Timothy and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Timothy
Earlier, Jeremy and Christina went to the restaurant. Christina gave a bone to	Jeremy
Earlier, Lindsey and Emily went to the hospital. Emily gave a ring to	Lindsey
Earlier, Katherine and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, Robert and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a ring to	Robert
Earlier, Kevin and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a bone to	Kevin
Earlier, Jessica and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a necklace to	Jessica
Earlier, Samuel and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, Timothy and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a bone to	Timothy
Earlier, John and Cody went to the school. Cody gave a drink to	John
Earlier, Patrick and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Patrick
Earlier, Christina and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a kiss to	Christina
Earlier, Rachel and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a ring to	Rachel
Earlier, Heather and Charles went to the restaurant. Charles gave a necklace to	Heather
Earlier, Kyle and Amber went to the restaurant. Amber gave a kiss to	Kyle
Earlier, Brian and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a computer to	Brian
Earlier, David and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a drink to	David
Earlier, Megan and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to	Megan
Earlier, Katherine and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a basketball to	Katherine
Earlier, Brandon and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Anthony and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a snack to	Anthony
Earlier, Daniel and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a ring to	Daniel
Earlier, Allison and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a necklace to	Allison
Earlier, Justin and Rebecca went to the restaurant. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Justin
Earlier, Kevin and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a basketball to	Kevin
Earlier, Joshua and Lindsey went to the house. Lindsey gave a ring to	Joshua
Earlier, Mark and Danielle went to the school. Danielle gave a snack to	Mark
Earlier, David and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a drink to	David
Earlier, Jonathan and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jesse and Vanessa went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Jesse
Earlier, Laura and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Laura
Earlier, Amy and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Cody and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a basketball to	Cody
Earlier, Robert and James went to the house. James gave a bone to	Robert
Earlier, Rachel and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a bone to	Rachel
Earlier, Elizabeth and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a snack to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Dustin and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a snack to	Dustin
Earlier, James and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a ring to	James
Earlier, David and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to	David
Earlier, Katherine and John went to the garden. John gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, Steven and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a computer to	Steven
Earlier, Benjamin and William went to the house. William gave a snack to	Benjamin
Earlier, Amanda and Amy went to the hospital. Amy gave a snack to	Amanda
Earlier, Paul and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a kiss to	Paul
Earlier, Aaron and Scott went to the school. Scott gave a kiss to	Aaron
Earlier, Adam and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a computer to	Adam
Earlier, Jesse and Kimberly went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a drink to	Jesse
Earlier, Gregory and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a kiss to	Gregory
Earlier, Jonathan and James went to the store. James gave a bone to	Jonathan
Earlier, Ryan and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a ring to	Ryan
Earlier, James and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a drink to	James
Earlier, John and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a computer to	John
Earlier, Amy and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a bone to	Amy
Earlier, Bryan and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a ring to	Bryan
Earlier, Patrick and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a drink to	Patrick
Earlier, Stephen and Tiffany went to the office. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Stephen
Earlier, Scott and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a ring to	Scott
Earlier, Nicole and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a basketball to	Nicole
Earlier, Alicia and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a necklace to	Alicia
Earlier, Angela and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to	Angela
Earlier, Jonathan and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a drink to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jose and Katie went to the store. Katie gave a computer to	Jose
Earlier, Amy and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a bone to	Amy
Earlier, Samantha and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Samantha
Earlier, Amanda and Amy went to the garden. Amy gave a ring to	Amanda
Earlier, Andrea and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a computer to	Andrea
Earlier, Rachel and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a necklace to	Rachel
Earlier, Elizabeth and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Katherine and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a bone to	Katherine
Earlier, Kenneth and Rebecca went to the store. Rebecca gave a snack to	Kenneth
Earlier, Michael and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to	Michael
Earlier, Erica and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to	Erica
Earlier, Patrick and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a necklace to	Patrick
Earlier, Patrick and Jacob went to the station. Jacob gave a bone to	Patrick
Earlier, Sean and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Sean
Earlier, Allison and Bryan went to the station. Bryan gave a drink to	Allison
Earlier, Kristen and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a bone to	Kristen
Earlier, Kyle and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a ring to	Kyle
Earlier, Ashley and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to	Ashley
Earlier, Katie and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, Vanessa and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a computer to	Vanessa
Earlier, Stephen and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a drink to	Stephen
Earlier, Lindsay and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a necklace to	Lindsay
Earlier, Tyler and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a computer to	Tyler
Earlier, Joseph and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a basketball to	Joseph
Earlier, Erin and Jeremy went to the office. Jeremy gave a ring to	Erin
Earlier, Lauren and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to	Lauren
Earlier, Michelle and Travis went to the office. Travis gave a drink to	Michelle
Earlier, Justin and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a drink to	Justin
Earlier, Angela and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a ring to	Angela
Earlier, Tyler and Kevin went to the school. Kevin gave a kiss to	Tyler
Earlier, Samantha and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a computer to	Samantha
Earlier, Sarah and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a bone to	Sarah
Earlier, Courtney and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a snack to	Courtney
Earlier, Brittany and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Brittany
Earlier, Jeffrey and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a drink to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Gregory and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a ring to	Gregory
Earlier, Kenneth and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Earlier, Sean and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a drink to	Sean
Earlier, Sarah and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a drink to	Sarah
Earlier, Patrick and Samuel went to the store. Samuel gave a kiss to	Patrick
Earlier, Megan and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a bone to	Megan
Earlier, James and Andrew went to the school. Andrew gave a drink to	James
Earlier, Alexander and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a basketball to	Alexander
Earlier, Richard and Scott went to the school. Scott gave a bone to	Richard
Earlier, Elizabeth and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Shannon and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a kiss to	Shannon
Earlier, Mary and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a snack to	Mary
Earlier, Scott and Jose went to the school. Jose gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Thomas and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a ring to	Thomas
Earlier, Justin and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a kiss to	Justin
Earlier, Jennifer and Michelle went to the hospital. Michelle gave a ring to	Jennifer
Earlier, Kristen and Nicole went to the hospital. Nicole gave a kiss to	Kristen
Earlier, Shannon and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to	Shannon
Earlier, Bradley and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a ring to	Bradley
Earlier, Kimberly and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a bone to	Kimberly
Earlier, Rebecca and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a bone to	Rebecca
Earlier, Brittany and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a necklace to	Brittany
Earlier, Nathan and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a computer to	Nathan
Earlier, Amy and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a bone to	Amy
Earlier, Elizabeth and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Kimberly and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Kimberly
Earlier, Bradley and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a ring to	Bradley
Earlier, Shannon and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a necklace to	Shannon
Earlier, Elizabeth and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Cody and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a computer to	Cody
Earlier, Kelly and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a ring to	Kelly
Earlier, Lindsay and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Nathan and Christine went to the store. Christine gave a kiss to	Nathan
Earlier, Cody and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a snack to	Cody
Earlier, Joshua and Mark went to the restaurant. Mark gave a necklace to	Joshua
Earlier, Crystal and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a basketball to	Crystal
Earlier, Charles and Erica went to the restaurant. Erica gave a computer to	Charles
Earlier, Anthony and Shannon went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a snack to	Anthony
Earlier, Charles and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a basketball to	Charles
Earlier, Justin and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to	Justin
Earlier, Joshua and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a ring to	Joshua
Earlier, Jeffrey and David went to the store. David gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Andrea and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a snack to	Andrea
Earlier, Samuel and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, Kevin and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a computer to	Kevin
Earlier, Aaron and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Aaron
Earlier, Andrew and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a necklace to	Andrew
Earlier, Vanessa and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Earlier, Brandon and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a snack to	Brandon
Earlier, Rebecca and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to	Rebecca
Earlier, Laura and William went to the restaurant. William gave a basketball to	Laura
Earlier, Aaron and James went to the hospital. James gave a drink to	Aaron
Earlier, Joshua and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a ring to	Joshua
Earlier, Bradley and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a kiss to	Bradley
Earlier, Kristen and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a ring to	Kristen
Earlier, Shannon and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a drink to	Shannon
Earlier, Laura and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a drink to	Laura
Earlier, Jamie and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a ring to	Jamie
Earlier, Melissa and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a kiss to	Melissa
Earlier, Andrew and John went to the office. John gave a computer to	Andrew
Earlier, Brian and Nicholas went to the office. Nicholas gave a necklace to	Brian
Earlier, Sarah and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Sarah
Earlier, Lindsey and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a computer to	Lindsey
Earlier, Dustin and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a snack to	Dustin
Earlier, Michelle and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a ring to	Michelle
Earlier, Brian and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a ring to	Brian
Earlier, Elizabeth and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Eric and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a kiss to	Eric
Earlier, Christopher and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a computer to	Christopher
Earlier, Mary and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a computer to	Mary
Earlier, Bryan and Mark went to the house. Mark gave a necklace to	Bryan
Earlier, Bradley and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a bone to	Bradley
Earlier, Jeremy and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a drink to	Jeremy
Earlier, Michael and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Michael
Earlier, Erica and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a drink to	Erica
Earlier, Thomas and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a snack to	Thomas
Earlier, Kristen and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a basketball to	Kristen
Earlier, Katie and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a snack to	Katie
Earlier, Katie and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, Laura and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Laura
Earlier, Allison and Kevin went to the school. Kevin gave a necklace to	Allison
Earlier, Jonathan and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a ring to	Jonathan
Earlier, Adam and Erin went to the station. Erin gave a computer to	Adam
Earlier, Kyle and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a ring to	Kyle
Earlier, Sarah and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Sarah
Earlier, Eric and Steven went to the station. Steven gave a bone to	Eric
Earlier, Aaron and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a drink to	Aaron
Earlier, Paul and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a necklace to	Paul
Earlier, Brian and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a drink to	Brian
Earlier, Katie and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a ring to	Katie
Earlier, Nathan and Brian went to the house. Brian gave a necklace to	Nathan
Earlier, Kevin and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a ring to	Kevin
Earlier, Jessica and Jonathan went to the station. Jonathan gave a computer to	Jessica
Earlier, Travis and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a snack to	Travis
Earlier, Jesse and Jason went to the garden. Jason gave a snack to	Jesse
Earlier, Thomas and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a computer to	Thomas
Earlier, Anthony and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a basketball to	Anthony
Earlier, Steven and Heather went to the hospital. Heather gave a necklace to	Steven
Earlier, Christopher and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a ring to	Christopher
Earlier, Travis and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a bone to	Travis
Earlier, Tyler and Alicia went to the school. Alicia gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Lisa and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a snack to	Lisa
Earlier, Matthew and Mary went to the hospital. Mary gave a computer to	Matthew
Earlier, Alicia and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a bone to	Alicia
Earlier, Jeffrey and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Lisa and Amy went to the garden. Amy gave a basketball to	Lisa
Earlier, Bradley and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a snack to	Bradley
Earlier, Rebecca and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Earlier, Stephanie and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a computer to	Stephanie
Earlier, James and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a snack to	James
Earlier, Jamie and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a necklace to	Jamie
Earlier, Erica and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a kiss to	Erica
Earlier, Scott and Laura went to the store. Laura gave a ring to	Scott
Earlier, Justin and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a snack to	Justin
Earlier, Shannon and Joseph went to the office. Joseph gave a basketball to	Shannon
Earlier, Mark and Andrew went to the garden. Andrew gave a snack to	Mark
Earlier, Alexander and John went to the restaurant. John gave a computer to	Alexander
Earlier, Anthony and Stephen went to the store. Stephen gave a computer to	Anthony
Earlier, Rachel and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a kiss to	Rachel
Earlier, Sean and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a bone to	Sean
Earlier, Bradley and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a basketball to	Bradley
Earlier, Stephen and Thomas went to the office. Thomas gave a snack to	Stephen
Earlier, Emily and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a basketball to	Emily
Earlier, Matthew and Brian went to the house. Brian gave a basketball to	Matthew
Earlier, Christopher and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a bone to	Christopher
Earlier, Daniel and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a kiss to	Daniel
Earlier, Jacob and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a snack to	Jacob
Earlier, Andrea and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a basketball to	Andrea
Earlier, Robert and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a kiss to	Robert
Earlier, Stephanie and Jesse went to the house. Jesse gave a drink to	Stephanie
Earlier, Katie and James went to the office. James gave a drink to	Katie
Earlier, John and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a basketball to	John
Earlier, Charles and Cody went to the restaurant. Cody gave a ring to	Charles
Earlier, Travis and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a snack to	Travis
Earlier, Adam and Justin went to the restaurant. Justin gave a kiss to	Adam
Earlier, Lindsey and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a kiss to	Lindsey
Earlier, Katie and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a snack to	Katie
Earlier, Alicia and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a computer to	Alicia
Earlier, Brandon and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Robert and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a kiss to	Robert
Earlier, Robert and Allison went to the house. Allison gave a snack to	Robert
Earlier, Mary and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a necklace to	Mary
Earlier, Jason and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Jason
Earlier, Ryan and Alexander went to the station. Alexander gave a bone to	Ryan
Earlier, Kevin and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a bone to	Kevin
Earlier, Joshua and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Justin and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a drink to	Justin
Earlier, Michelle and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a computer to	Michelle
Earlier, Tiffany and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Andrea and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Rebecca and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Earlier, Samantha and Travis went to the office. Travis gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Andrew and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a bone to	Andrew
Earlier, Gregory and Aaron went to the restaurant. Aaron gave a kiss to	Gregory
Earlier, Patrick and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a ring to	Patrick
Earlier, Kristen and Erica went to the school. Erica gave a drink to	Kristen
Earlier, Ryan and Rebecca went to the station. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Ryan
Earlier, Christina and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a snack to	Christina
Earlier, Charles and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a ring to	Charles
Earlier, Mary and Rebecca went to the station. Rebecca gave a computer to	Mary
Earlier, Lauren and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a bone to	Lauren
Earlier, Tiffany and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a snack to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jonathan and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Jonathan
Earlier, Anthony and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a basketball to	Anthony
Earlier, Melissa and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a necklace to	Melissa
Earlier, Brian and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a drink to	Brian
Earlier, David and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a ring to	David
Earlier, Samantha and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to	Samantha
Earlier, Samantha and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a basketball to	Samantha
Earlier, Timothy and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a basketball to	Timothy
Earlier, Tyler and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Tyler
Earlier, Brandon and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a ring to	Brandon
Earlier, Michael and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a drink to	Michael
Earlier, Tiffany and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Kimberly and Bradley went to the station. Bradley gave a bone to	Kimberly
Earlier, Matthew and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a ring to	Matthew
Earlier, Kevin and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a ring to	Kevin
Earlier, Nicole and William went to the station. William gave a ring to	Nicole
Earlier, Christina and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a computer to	Christina
Earlier, Stephanie and Danielle went to the office. Danielle gave a ring to	Stephanie
Earlier, Allison and Paul went to the office. Paul gave a basketball to	Allison
Earlier, Angela and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Angela
Earlier, Shannon and Erica went to the house. Erica gave a ring to	Shannon
Earlier, Benjamin and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Earlier, Kenneth and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a computer to	Kenneth
Earlier, Bryan and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Bryan
Earlier, Stephen and Joshua went to the school. Joshua gave a necklace to	Stephen
Earlier, Emily and Daniel went to the house. Daniel gave a necklace to	Emily
Earlier, Aaron and Joseph went to the house. Joseph gave a ring to	Aaron
Earlier, Jason and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a computer to	Jason
Earlier, Tiffany and Katherine went to the house. Katherine gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Earlier, Christine and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a kiss to	Christine
Earlier, Ashley and Megan went to the store. Megan gave a basketball to	Ashley
Earlier, Jesse and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a ring to	Jesse
Earlier, Michael and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a kiss to	Michael
Earlier, Aaron and Thomas went to the school. Thomas gave a basketball to	Aaron
Earlier, Jeremy and John went to the store. John gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Earlier, Kristen and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a ring to	Kristen
Earlier, Jason and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a basketball to	Jason
Earlier, Jessica and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a snack to	Jessica
Earlier, Christopher and William went to the house. William gave a drink to	Christopher
Earlier, Shannon and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a drink to	Shannon
Earlier, Jesse and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a drink to	Jesse
Earlier, Jessica and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a kiss to	Jessica
Earlier, Benjamin and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a drink to	Benjamin
Earlier, Jeffrey and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Scott and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Jessica and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a drink to	Jessica
Earlier, Kenneth and Tiffany went to the office. Tiffany gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Earlier, Michael and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a necklace to	Michael
Earlier, Timothy and Kevin went to the hospital. Kevin gave a kiss to	Timothy
Earlier, Joshua and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to	Joshua
Earlier, Rachel and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a necklace to	Rachel
Earlier, Gregory and Amber went to the school. Amber gave a ring to	Gregory
Earlier, Bryan and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a computer to	Bryan
Earlier, Stephen and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a computer to	Stephen
Earlier, Charles and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a ring to	Charles
Earlier, Alicia and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a snack to	Alicia
Earlier, Crystal and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a kiss to	Crystal
Earlier, Michael and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Michael
Earlier, Nicholas and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a drink to	Nicholas
Earlier, Joseph and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a drink to	Joseph
Earlier, Erica and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a ring to	Erica
Earlier, Christina and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a kiss to	Christina
Earlier, Christina and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a necklace to	Christina
Earlier, Adam and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a snack to	Adam
Earlier, Melissa and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a necklace to	Melissa
Earlier, Nathan and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a ring to	Nathan
Earlier, Michael and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Michael
Earlier, Adam and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a ring to	Adam
Earlier, Megan and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a ring to	Megan
Earlier, Kevin and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a computer to	Kevin
Earlier, Lisa and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a ring to	Lisa
Earlier, Laura and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Laura
Earlier, Lauren and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Lauren
Earlier, Melissa and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a basketball to	Melissa
Earlier, Kristen and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a drink to	Kristen
Earlier, Courtney and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a ring to	Courtney
Earlier, Andrew and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a snack to	Andrew
Earlier, Samantha and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a bone to	Samantha
Earlier, James and Laura went to the school. Laura gave a snack to	James
Earlier, Jamie and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a necklace to	Jamie
Earlier, Charles and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a drink to	Charles
Earlier, Jonathan and William went to the store. William gave a ring to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jeffrey and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Vanessa and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Vanessa
Earlier, Sarah and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a snack to	Sarah
Earlier, Bryan and Shannon went to the restaurant. Shannon gave a snack to	Bryan
Earlier, Lauren and Tiffany went to the hospital. Tiffany gave a basketball to	Lauren
Earlier, David and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a computer to	David
Earlier, Jonathan and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a drink to	Jonathan
Earlier, Christina and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a basketball to	Christina
Earlier, Kyle and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to	Kyle
Earlier, William and Samuel went to the restaurant. Samuel gave a necklace to	William
Earlier, William and Michael went to the house. Michael gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Rachel and Sara went to the house. Sara gave a ring to	Rachel
Earlier, Jennifer and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a ring to	Jennifer
Earlier, Jose and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a snack to	Jose
Earlier, Nathan and Robert went to the restaurant. Robert gave a snack to	Nathan
Earlier, John and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a snack to	John
Earlier, Erica and Nicholas went to the office. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Erica
Earlier, Michael and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a snack to	Michael
Earlier, Gregory and Bryan went to the station. Bryan gave a computer to	Gregory
Earlier, Benjamin and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a computer to	Benjamin
Earlier, Richard and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a computer to	Richard
Earlier, Kimberly and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a snack to	Kimberly
Earlier, Alexander and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a bone to	Alexander
Earlier, Andrea and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a ring to	Andrea
Earlier, William and Jeffrey went to the garden. Jeffrey gave a bone to	William
Earlier, Crystal and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a basketball to	Crystal
Earlier, Allison and Brittany went to the house. Brittany gave a snack to	Allison
Earlier, Katie and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a snack to	Katie
Earlier, Melissa and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a snack to	Melissa
Earlier, Katherine and Laura went to the office. Laura gave a ring to	Katherine
Earlier, Megan and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Megan
Earlier, Amy and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a drink to	Amy
Earlier, Angela and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, Benjamin and Jeremy went to the office. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Earlier, Jeffrey and Daniel went to the hospital. Daniel gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Kimberly and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a ring to	Kimberly
Earlier, Tiffany and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a drink to	Tiffany
Earlier, Michael and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a kiss to	Michael
Earlier, Nathan and Laura went to the garden. Laura gave a necklace to	Nathan
Earlier, Benjamin and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a snack to	Benjamin
Earlier, Erin and James went to the house. James gave a necklace to	Erin
Earlier, Angela and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a drink to	Angela
Earlier, Justin and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Justin
Earlier, Brian and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a snack to	Brian
Earlier, Alexander and Melissa went to the office. Melissa gave a ring to	Alexander
Earlier, Brandon and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Samuel and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a drink to	Samuel
Earlier, Michael and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a ring to	Michael
Earlier, Andrea and Cody went to the hospital. Cody gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Kristen and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Kristen
Earlier, Elizabeth and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a bone to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Christopher and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a necklace to	Christopher
Earlier, Kevin and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a snack to	Kevin
Earlier, Tiffany and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Earlier, Samuel and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a basketball to	Samuel
Earlier, Samantha and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a kiss to	Samantha
Earlier, Steven and Paul went to the house. Paul gave a basketball to	Steven
Earlier, Jessica and John went to the garden. John gave a ring to	Jessica
Earlier, Sara and David went to the station. David gave a ring to	Sara
Earlier, Thomas and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a snack to	Thomas
Earlier, Nicholas and David went to the garden. David gave a computer to	Nicholas
Earlier, Paul and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a computer to	Paul
Earlier, Vanessa and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a bone to	Vanessa
Earlier, Jacob and Brian went to the office. Brian gave a kiss to	Jacob
Earlier, Andrew and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a kiss to	Andrew
Earlier, Brian and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a drink to	Brian
Earlier, Kristen and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a basketball to	Kristen
Earlier, Kyle and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a kiss to	Kyle
Earlier, Melissa and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a computer to	Melissa
Earlier, Sara and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a ring to	Sara
Earlier, Alicia and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a necklace to	Alicia
Earlier, Amber and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a snack to	Amber
Earlier, Amy and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Rebecca and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a computer to	Rebecca
Earlier, Tyler and David went to the hospital. David gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Timothy and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a ring to	Timothy
Earlier, John and Crystal went to the school. Crystal gave a ring to	John
Earlier, Adam and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a snack to	Adam
Earlier, Brandon and Elizabeth went to the school. Elizabeth gave a ring to	Brandon
Earlier, Kristen and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a snack to	Kristen
Earlier, Nicole and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a drink to	Nicole
Earlier, Richard and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a ring to	Richard
Earlier, Elizabeth and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Steven and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Steven
Earlier, Christina and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a kiss to	Christina
Earlier, Scott and Jesse went to the house. Jesse gave a ring to	Scott
Earlier, David and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a drink to	David
Earlier, Jonathan and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Earlier, Brandon and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Erica and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a ring to	Erica
Earlier, Paul and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a basketball to	Paul
Earlier, Ryan and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Ryan
Earlier, Andrew and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a snack to	Andrew
Earlier, James and Timothy went to the school. Timothy gave a computer to	James
Earlier, Jason and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a ring to	Jason
Earlier, Benjamin and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a snack to	Benjamin
Earlier, Amy and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a necklace to	Amy
Earlier, Jessica and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a snack to	Jessica
Earlier, Megan and Ashley went to the office. Ashley gave a drink to	Megan
Earlier, Emily and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a snack to	Emily
Earlier, Heather and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a kiss to	Heather
Earlier, Dustin and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a ring to	Dustin
Earlier, Mary and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a snack to	Mary
Earlier, Mary and James went to the store. James gave a necklace to	Mary
Earlier, Benjamin and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a kiss to	Benjamin
Earlier, Heather and Timothy went to the store. Timothy gave a bone to	Heather
Earlier, Megan and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Megan
Earlier, Timothy and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a kiss to	Timothy
Earlier, Sara and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a snack to	Sara
Earlier, Amy and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Amy
Earlier, Nicholas and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a drink to	Nicholas
Earlier, Samantha and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a ring to	Samantha
Earlier, Amy and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a kiss to	Amy
Earlier, Lindsey and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to	Lindsey
Earlier, Jeremy and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Earlier, Patrick and Kristen went to the hospital. Kristen gave a snack to	Patrick
Earlier, Heather and Andrew went to the hospital. Andrew gave a drink to	Heather
Earlier, Katie and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a snack to	Katie
Earlier, Cody and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a necklace to	Cody
Earlier, Steven and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a drink to	Steven
Earlier, David and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a computer to	David
Earlier, Kimberly and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a kiss to	Kimberly
Earlier, Eric and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a drink to	Eric
Earlier, Justin and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a drink to	Justin
Earlier, Nicholas and Bryan went to the house. Bryan gave a ring to	Nicholas
Earlier, Travis and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a kiss to	Travis
Earlier, Courtney and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a snack to	Courtney
Earlier, Vanessa and Jessica went to the store. Jessica gave a snack to	Vanessa
Earlier, Crystal and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a kiss to	Crystal
Earlier, Jonathan and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a snack to	Jonathan
Earlier, Scott and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Adam and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a snack to	Adam
Earlier, Rebecca and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a drink to	Rebecca
Earlier, Erin and John went to the hospital. John gave a bone to	Erin
Earlier, Lindsey and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Earlier, Stephanie and Gregory went to the office. Gregory gave a computer to	Stephanie
Earlier, Jessica and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Jessica
Earlier, Bryan and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a kiss to	Bryan
Earlier, David and Andrea went to the office. Andrea gave a computer to	David
Earlier, Cody and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a drink to	Cody
Earlier, Lindsay and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Angela and David went to the school. David gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, John and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a necklace to	John
Earlier, Laura and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to	Laura
Earlier, William and Thomas went to the office. Thomas gave a drink to	William
Earlier, Paul and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a drink to	Paul
Earlier, Robert and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a drink to	Robert
Earlier, Kimberly and Rachel went to the office. Rachel gave a drink to	Kimberly
Earlier, Shannon and Mary went to the station. Mary gave a necklace to	Shannon
Earlier, Emily and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a bone to	Emily
Earlier, Brian and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a ring to	Brian
Earlier, Eric and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a kiss to	Eric
Earlier, Jesse and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Jesse
Earlier, Brittany and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a snack to	Brittany
Earlier, Kimberly and Travis went to the hospital. Travis gave a basketball to	Kimberly
Earlier, Jamie and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to	Jamie
Earlier, Elizabeth and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Joseph and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a necklace to	Joseph
Earlier, Kelly and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a computer to	Kelly
Earlier, Erin and Timothy went to the house. Timothy gave a drink to	Erin
Earlier, Brandon and Justin went to the store. Justin gave a computer to	Brandon
Earlier, Tyler and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a computer to	Tyler
Earlier, Michael and Michelle went to the garden. Michelle gave a drink to	Michael
Earlier, Heather and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a bone to	Heather
Earlier, Elizabeth and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Andrea and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a kiss to	Andrea
Earlier, Jessica and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a snack to	Jessica
Earlier, Amanda and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a kiss to	Amanda
Earlier, Joseph and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Joseph
Earlier, Erica and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a snack to	Erica
Earlier, Laura and Nicholas went to the restaurant. Nicholas gave a basketball to	Laura
Earlier, Dustin and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a bone to	Dustin
Earlier, Jamie and Jesse went to the office. Jesse gave a snack to	Jamie
Earlier, Erica and Sarah went to the hospital. Sarah gave a drink to	Erica
Earlier, Adam and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a bone to	Adam
Earlier, Tiffany and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Earlier, Richard and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a necklace to	Richard
Earlier, Brian and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a drink to	Brian
Earlier, Amanda and Joseph went to the restaurant. Joseph gave a snack to	Amanda
Earlier, Amanda and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a snack to	Amanda
Earlier, Eric and Heather went to the station. Heather gave a computer to	Eric
Earlier, Kristen and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a kiss to	Kristen
Earlier, Jesse and John went to the hospital. John gave a computer to	Jesse
Earlier, Kyle and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a basketball to	Kyle
Earlier, Kevin and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a basketball to	Kevin
Earlier, Christine and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a basketball to	Christine
Earlier, William and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a drink to	William
Earlier, Justin and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a necklace to	Justin
Earlier, Katie and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a computer to	Katie
Earlier, Mark and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a necklace to	Mark
Earlier, Daniel and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a ring to	Daniel
Earlier, Scott and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a basketball to	Scott
Earlier, Amber and Brittany went to the house. Brittany gave a computer to	Amber
Earlier, Michelle and Emily went to the station. Emily gave a computer to	Michelle
Earlier, Mary and James went to the station. James gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Angela and Samantha went to the school. Samantha gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, Daniel and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a computer to	Daniel
Earlier, Katherine and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a basketball to	Katherine
Earlier, Brittany and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a basketball to	Brittany
Earlier, Jonathan and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Earlier, Rebecca and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a necklace to	Rebecca
Earlier, James and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a snack to	James
Earlier, Steven and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a basketball to	Steven
Earlier, Kenneth and Samuel went to the house. Samuel gave a drink to	Kenneth
Earlier, Charles and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a basketball to	Charles
Earlier, Benjamin and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Benjamin
Earlier, Tyler and Erin went to the hospital. Erin gave a basketball to	Tyler
Earlier, Kristen and Daniel went to the hospital. Daniel gave a kiss to	Kristen
Earlier, Adam and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a basketball to	Adam
Earlier, Joseph and William went to the station. William gave a kiss to	Joseph
Earlier, Kenneth and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to	Kenneth
Earlier, Kristen and Jacob went to the garden. Jacob gave a basketball to	Kristen
Earlier, Kyle and Erin went to the office. Erin gave a bone to	Kyle
Earlier, Stephen and Lisa went to the school. Lisa gave a necklace to	Stephen
Earlier, Michelle and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Michelle
Earlier, Daniel and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a basketball to	Daniel
Earlier, Kenneth and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Earlier, Brian and Bradley went to the garden. Bradley gave a kiss to	Brian
Earlier, Sean and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Sean
Earlier, Kyle and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to	Kyle
Earlier, Jonathan and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Earlier, Jeffrey and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Earlier, William and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a kiss to	William
Earlier, Lindsey and William went to the hospital. William gave a necklace to	Lindsey
Earlier, Bradley and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a basketball to	Bradley
Earlier, Paul and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a snack to	Paul
Earlier, Andrea and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a bone to	Andrea
Earlier, Jeremy and Bradley went to the house. Bradley gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Earlier, Ryan and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Ryan
Earlier, Stephen and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a kiss to	Stephen
Earlier, Sean and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a computer to	Sean
Earlier, Ryan and Amanda went to the office. Amanda gave a ring to	Ryan
Earlier, Timothy and Courtney went to the house. Courtney gave a basketball to	Timothy
Earlier, Bradley and Samantha went to the station. Samantha gave a bone to	Bradley
Earlier, Scott and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Vanessa and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a snack to	Vanessa
Earlier, Sarah and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a basketball to	Sarah
Earlier, Aaron and Jennifer went to the office. Jennifer gave a computer to	Aaron
Earlier, Megan and Kimberly went to the restaurant. Kimberly gave a computer to	Megan
Earlier, Kenneth and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a bone to	Kenneth
Earlier, Timothy and Danielle went to the store. Danielle gave a computer to	Timothy
Earlier, Kyle and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a drink to	Kyle
Earlier, Katie and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Katie
Earlier, Kimberly and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a bone to	Kimberly
Earlier, Jonathan and Erica went to the hospital. Erica gave a computer to	Jonathan
Earlier, Nathan and Amber went to the store. Amber gave a bone to	Nathan
Earlier, Sara and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a kiss to	Sara
Earlier, Timothy and David went to the restaurant. David gave a basketball to	Timothy
Earlier, Kevin and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a necklace to	Kevin
Earlier, Lisa and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a basketball to	Lisa
Earlier, Jacob and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a bone to	Jacob
Earlier, Bradley and John went to the store. John gave a kiss to	Bradley
Earlier, Nathan and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a drink to	Nathan
Earlier, Gregory and Jacob went to the station. Jacob gave a drink to	Gregory
Earlier, John and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a computer to	John
Earlier, Cody and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a bone to	Cody
Earlier, Nicholas and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Nicholas
Earlier, Charles and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a kiss to	Charles
Earlier, Sarah and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a ring to	Sarah
Earlier, Samantha and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a ring to	Samantha
Earlier, Kelly and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a ring to	Kelly
Earlier, Jacob and Katherine went to the garden. Katherine gave a drink to	Jacob
Earlier, Katherine and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a snack to	Katherine
Earlier, Tyler and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Tyler
Earlier, Samantha and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a computer to	Samantha
Earlier, Christopher and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a bone to	Christopher
Earlier, Lindsey and Jose went to the school. Jose gave a bone to	Lindsey
Earlier, Tiffany and Nicholas went to the station. Nicholas gave a bone to	Tiffany
Earlier, Elizabeth and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Katie and Jason went to the store. Jason gave a basketball to	Katie
Earlier, Angela and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a bone to	Angela
Earlier, Jeremy and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a necklace to	Jeremy
Earlier, Amanda and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a computer to	Amanda
Earlier, Tiffany and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Earlier, Jessica and Christopher went to the store. Christopher gave a necklace to	Jessica
Earlier, Andrea and Samuel went to the restaurant. Samuel gave a necklace to	Andrea
Earlier, Jennifer and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a basketball to	Jennifer
Earlier, Patrick and Vanessa went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a bone to	Patrick
Earlier, Jennifer and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a kiss to	Jennifer
Earlier, Bradley and Lindsay went to the office. Lindsay gave a drink to	Bradley
Earlier, Christopher and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Christopher
Earlier, Jamie and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a snack to	Jamie
Earlier, Benjamin and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a kiss to	Benjamin
Earlier, Gregory and Robert went to the station. Robert gave a computer to	Gregory
Earlier, Samuel and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a drink to	Samuel
Earlier, Paul and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a bone to	Paul
Earlier, James and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	James
Earlier, Joseph and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a bone to	Joseph
Earlier, Kimberly and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a snack to	Kimberly
Earlier, Mary and Mark went to the office. Mark gave a ring to	Mary
Earlier, Christine and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a computer to	Christine
Earlier, Alicia and Ashley went to the house. Ashley gave a basketball to	Alicia
Earlier, Cody and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Cody
Earlier, Megan and Ryan went to the store. Ryan gave a necklace to	Megan
Earlier, Elizabeth and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a drink to	Elizabeth
Earlier, Samantha and Erica went to the restaurant. Erica gave a ring to	Samantha
Earlier, Thomas and Lauren went to the garden. Lauren gave a kiss to	Thomas
Earlier, Nathan and John went to the hospital. John gave a basketball to	Nathan
Earlier, Cody and Kevin went to the restaurant. Kevin gave a bone to	Cody
Earlier, Nicholas and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Nicholas
Earlier, Cody and Elizabeth went to the restaurant. Elizabeth gave a snack to	Cody
Earlier, Jamie and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a bone to	Jamie
Earlier, Sean and Lindsay went to the garden. Lindsay gave a computer to	Sean
Earlier, Katherine and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a snack to	Katherine
Earlier, Christine and Amy went to the school. Amy gave a basketball to	Christine
Earlier, Travis and Alexander went to the store. Alexander gave a basketball to	Travis
Earlier, Emily and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Emily
Earlier, Richard and Lisa went to the store. Lisa gave a necklace to	Richard
Earlier, Katherine and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a bone to	Katherine
Earlier, Lauren and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a drink to	Lauren
Earlier, Amber and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a basketball to	Amber
Earlier, Gregory and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a drink to	Gregory
Earlier, Steven and Patrick went to the garden. Patrick gave a bone to	Steven
Earlier, Brian and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a basketball to	Brian
Earlier, Jesse and Aaron went to the garden. Aaron gave a necklace to	Jesse
Earlier, Megan and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a computer to	Megan
Earlier, John and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a kiss to	John
Earlier, Paul and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a kiss to	Paul
Earlier, Jonathan and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a snack to	Jonathan
Earlier, Tyler and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a necklace to	Tyler
Earlier, Alexander and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a bone to	Alexander
Earlier, Benjamin and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a computer to	Benjamin
Earlier, Lindsay and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Erica and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a bone to	Erica
Earlier, Kristen and Lindsay went to the house. Lindsay gave a drink to	Kristen
Earlier, Travis and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a bone to	Travis
Earlier, Stephanie and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a drink to	Stephanie
Earlier, Anthony and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a drink to	Anthony
Earlier, Anthony and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a necklace to	Anthony
Earlier, Amber and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a kiss to	Amber
Earlier, Lauren and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a basketball to	Lauren
Earlier, Travis and Jamie went to the hospital. Jamie gave a kiss to	Travis
Earlier, Anthony and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a snack to	Anthony
Earlier, Brian and Tyler went to the restaurant. Tyler gave a computer to	Brian
Earlier, Jonathan and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Earlier, Eric and Ashley went to the office. Ashley gave a computer to	Eric
Earlier, Alexander and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a computer to	Alexander
Earlier, Jonathan and Nicole went to the office. Nicole gave a ring to	Jonathan
Earlier, Crystal and David went to the hospital. David gave a ring to	Crystal
Earlier, Crystal and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a bone to	Crystal
Earlier, Samuel and Nathan went to the garden. Nathan gave a computer to	Samuel
Earlier, Samuel and John went to the garden. John gave a basketball to	Samuel
Earlier, Cody and Lindsey went to the house. Lindsey gave a drink to	Cody
Earlier, Erica and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a computer to	Erica
Earlier, Katherine and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, Steven and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a kiss to	Steven
Earlier, Stephanie and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a snack to	Stephanie
Earlier, Scott and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a computer to	Scott
Earlier, Aaron and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a snack to	Aaron
Earlier, Nicholas and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a snack to	Nicholas
Earlier, Nicole and Katie went to the garden. Katie gave a necklace to	Nicole
Earlier, Thomas and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a basketball to	Thomas
Earlier, Angela and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, Anthony and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a ring to	Anthony
Earlier, Eric and John went to the school. John gave a computer to	Eric
Earlier, Alicia and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a kiss to	Alicia
Earlier, Kelly and Jacob went to the house. Jacob gave a basketball to	Kelly
Earlier, Allison and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a basketball to	Allison
Earlier, Rachel and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Rachel
Earlier, Timothy and William went to the garden. William gave a basketball to	Timothy
Earlier, Stephanie and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to	Stephanie
Earlier, Anthony and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a kiss to	Anthony
Earlier, Danielle and Jonathan went to the station. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Danielle
Earlier, Matthew and Gregory went to the hospital. Gregory gave a drink to	Matthew
Earlier, Cody and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a kiss to	Cody
Earlier, Ryan and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a computer to	Ryan
Earlier, Danielle and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a bone to	Danielle
Earlier, Angela and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a necklace to	Angela
Earlier, Travis and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a bone to	Travis
Earlier, Angela and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a bone to	Angela
Earlier, Jose and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a basketball to	Jose
Earlier, Emily and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a necklace to	Emily
Earlier, Michael and Jonathan went to the garden. Jonathan gave a drink to	Michael
Earlier, Sarah and Tyler went to the house. Tyler gave a drink to	Sarah
Earlier, Jeffrey and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Earlier, Brian and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a necklace to	Brian
Earlier, Brandon and Rachel went to the hospital. Rachel gave a bone to	Brandon
Earlier, Bryan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a drink to	Bryan
Earlier, Angela and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a kiss to	Angela
Earlier, Nathan and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a necklace to	Nathan
Earlier, Alicia and Stephen went to the house. Stephen gave a bone to	Alicia
Earlier, Samuel and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a ring to	Samuel
Earlier, Katherine and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a basketball to	Katherine
Earlier, Andrea and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a kiss to	Andrea
Earlier, Shannon and Daniel went to the school. Daniel gave a basketball to	Shannon
Earlier, Ryan and Justin went to the office. Justin gave a drink to	Ryan
Earlier, Joshua and Sean went to the office. Sean gave a snack to	Joshua
Earlier, Vanessa and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a snack to	Vanessa
Earlier, Erica and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a bone to	Erica
Earlier, Matthew and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a basketball to	Matthew
Earlier, Jessica and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a necklace to	Jessica
Earlier, Brian and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a computer to	Brian
Earlier, Heather and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a bone to	Heather
Earlier, Jose and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Michael and Christine went to the house. Christine gave a snack to	Michael
Earlier, James and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a bone to	James
Earlier, Lindsey and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a necklace to	Lindsey
Earlier, Lauren and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a basketball to	Lauren
Earlier, Joshua and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a ring to	Joshua
Earlier, Charles and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a snack to	Charles
Earlier, Sara and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a bone to	Sara
Earlier, Laura and Jason went to the hospital. Jason gave a drink to	Laura
Earlier, Amber and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a computer to	Amber
Earlier, William and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a necklace to	William
Earlier, Jeremy and Rachel went to the office. Rachel gave a computer to	Jeremy
Earlier, Steven and Brian went to the school. Brian gave a ring to	Steven
Earlier, Christine and Sarah went to the house. Sarah gave a drink to	Christine
Earlier, Shannon and John went to the garden. John gave a ring to	Shannon
Earlier, Charles and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a necklace to	Charles
Earlier, Alicia and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a snack to	Alicia
Earlier, Charles and Christina went to the garden. Christina gave a ring to	Charles
Earlier, Erica and Jose went to the office. Jose gave a computer to	Erica
Earlier, Rebecca and John went to the school. John gave a necklace to	Rebecca
Earlier, Emily and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Emily
Earlier, Sarah and Adam went to the station. Adam gave a computer to	Sarah
Earlier, Benjamin and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a bone to	Benjamin
Earlier, Eric and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a bone to	Eric
Earlier, Stephanie and Kyle went to the hospital. Kyle gave a ring to	Stephanie
Earlier, Jonathan and Danielle went to the hospital. Danielle gave a bone to	Jonathan
Earlier, John and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a drink to	John
Earlier, Ryan and Samuel went to the hospital. Samuel gave a ring to	Ryan
Earlier, Lisa and David went to the hospital. David gave a necklace to	Lisa
Earlier, Scott and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Scott
Earlier, Mary and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a bone to	Mary
Earlier, Travis and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to	Travis
Earlier, Jose and Anthony went to the house. Anthony gave a necklace to	Jose
Earlier, Anthony and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a kiss to	Anthony
Earlier, David and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a snack to	David
Earlier, Erica and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a ring to	Erica
Earlier, Kelly and Andrea went to the office. Andrea gave a necklace to	Kelly
Earlier, Sarah and Thomas went to the hospital. Thomas gave a necklace to	Sarah
Earlier, Christina and Nathan went to the restaurant. Nathan gave a kiss to	Christina
Earlier, Christine and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a bone to	Christine
Earlier, Kyle and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a bone to	Kyle
Earlier, Kyle and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a necklace to	Kyle
Earlier, Timothy and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a computer to	Timothy
Earlier, David and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a kiss to	David
Earlier, Christine and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a ring to	Christine
Earlier, Jonathan and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Jonathan
Earlier, Ryan and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Ryan
Earlier, Andrea and Adam went to the office. Adam gave a drink to	Andrea
Earlier, Timothy and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a computer to	Timothy
Earlier, Benjamin and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Benjamin
Earlier, Joshua and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a ring to	Joshua
Earlier, William and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a bone to	William
Earlier, Kyle and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a drink to	Kyle
Earlier, Rebecca and Jason went to the garden. Jason gave a bone to	Rebecca
Earlier, Megan and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a drink to	Megan
Earlier, Heather and Allison went to the restaurant. Allison gave a snack to	Heather
Earlier, Danielle and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a kiss to	Danielle
Earlier, Christine and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Christine
Earlier, Lindsey and Paul went to the hospital. Paul gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Earlier, Stephanie and Emily went to the house. Emily gave a ring to	Stephanie
Earlier, Brittany and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a basketball to	Brittany
Earlier, Katherine and Joshua went to the school. Joshua gave a drink to	Katherine
Earlier, Angela and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to	Angela
Earlier, Kenneth and Angela went to the house. Angela gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Earlier, Kyle and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a drink to	Kyle
Earlier, Jeremy and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a drink to	Jeremy
Earlier, Danielle and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a ring to	Danielle
Earlier, Bradley and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a snack to	Bradley
Earlier, Mark and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a basketball to	Mark
Earlier, Lisa and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a drink to	Lisa
Earlier, Courtney and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a bone to	Courtney
Earlier, Samuel and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Samuel
Earlier, Andrew and Amber went to the school. Amber gave a computer to	Andrew
Earlier, Jamie and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a snack to	Jamie
Earlier, Gregory and John went to the school. John gave a ring to	Gregory
Earlier, Kimberly and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a drink to	Kimberly
Earlier, Bryan and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a ring to	Bryan
Earlier, Adam and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a bone to	Adam
Earlier, Jason and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a snack to	Jason
Earlier, Courtney and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a basketball to	Courtney
Earlier, Cody and Daniel went to the station. Daniel gave a computer to	Cody
Earlier, Tiffany and Katie went to the store. Katie gave a ring to	Tiffany
Earlier, Lisa and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a necklace to	Lisa
Earlier, Gregory and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a snack to	Gregory
Earlier, Charles and Sean went to the station. Sean gave a drink to	Charles
Earlier, Cody and Jesse went to the garden. Jesse gave a kiss to	Cody
Earlier, Justin and Amber went to the hospital. Amber gave a necklace to	Justin
Earlier, David and Christopher went to the school. Christopher gave a basketball to	David
Earlier, Andrea and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a necklace to	Andrea
Earlier, Lindsay and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Earlier, Danielle and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Danielle
Later, Mary and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a bone to	Mary
Later, Brittany and Jamie went to the garden. Jamie gave a necklace to	Brittany
Later, Christine and Amy went to the station. Amy gave a drink to	Christine
Later, Jonathan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a bone to	Jonathan
Later, Katie and Crystal went to the garden. Crystal gave a computer to	Katie
Later, Alexander and Eric went to the house. Eric gave a kiss to	Alexander
Later, Anthony and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Anthony
Later, Shannon and Michael went to the store. Michael gave a drink to	Shannon
Later, Jason and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a kiss to	Jason
Later, Ryan and Bradley went to the school. Bradley gave a basketball to	Ryan
Later, Christopher and James went to the store. James gave a kiss to	Christopher
Later, Sara and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a drink to	Sara
Later, Kenneth and Bradley went to the restaurant. Bradley gave a bone to	Kenneth
Later, Joshua and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a computer to	Joshua
Later, Ryan and Shannon went to the school. Shannon gave a bone to	Ryan
Later, Alicia and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Alicia
Later, Katherine and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Katherine
Later, Scott and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a necklace to	Scott
Later, Emily and Andrew went to the school. Andrew gave a snack to	Emily
Later, Lauren and Robert went to the hospital. Robert gave a kiss to	Lauren
Later, Matthew and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a snack to	Matthew
Later, Shannon and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Shannon
Later, John and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a necklace to	John
Later, Jose and Christina went to the hospital. Christina gave a ring to	Jose
Later, Stephanie and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a bone to	Stephanie
Later, Joshua and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a drink to	Joshua
Later, Mary and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a bone to	Mary
Later, Angela and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a computer to	Angela
Later, Daniel and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a drink to	Daniel
Later, Kristen and Vanessa went to the station. Vanessa gave a necklace to	Kristen
Later, Joshua and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Joshua
Later, William and Eric went to the school. Eric gave a bone to	William
Later, Rebecca and Andrea went to the house. Andrea gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Later, Paul and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Paul
Later, Dustin and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a computer to	Dustin
Later, Jason and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a snack to	Jason
Later, Sean and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a ring to	Sean
Later, Megan and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a snack to	Megan
Later, Ashley and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a ring to	Ashley
Later, Jeremy and Andrea went to the garden. Andrea gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Later, Erica and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Later, Richard and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Richard
Later, Amber and James went to the store. James gave a snack to	Amber
Later, Andrea and Sarah went to the station. Sarah gave a bone to	Andrea
Later, Danielle and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a bone to	Danielle
Later, Eric and Joseph went to the store. Joseph gave a kiss to	Eric
Later, Bryan and James went to the garden. James gave a ring to	Bryan
Later, Lisa and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a kiss to	Lisa
Later, Michael and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a ring to	Michael
Later, Melissa and Mary went to the garden. Mary gave a drink to	Melissa
Later, Melissa and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a ring to	Melissa
Later, Brandon and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Michael and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Michael
Later, Megan and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a snack to	Megan
Later, Tiffany and Emily went to the garden. Emily gave a computer to	Tiffany
Later, Tyler and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a bone to	Tyler
Later, Tiffany and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a bone to	Tiffany
Later, Dustin and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Dustin
Later, Lisa and James went to the station. James gave a drink to	Lisa
Later, Lindsay and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Later, Jose and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a basketball to	Jose
Later, Bradley and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a snack to	Bradley
Later, Timothy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Timothy
Later, Laura and Jennifer went to the restaurant. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Laura
Later, Katie and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Katie
Later, Andrea and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Andrea
Later, Nicholas and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a bone to	Nicholas
Later, Christopher and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a computer to	Christopher
Later, Samantha and Allison went to the house. Allison gave a kiss to	Samantha
Later, Timothy and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a snack to	Timothy
Later, Stephanie and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a ring to	Stephanie
Later, Danielle and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a kiss to	Danielle
Later, Jason and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a drink to	Jason
Later, Kelly and Nicholas went to the house. Nicholas gave a ring to	Kelly
Later, Vanessa and Richard went to the office. Richard gave a ring to	Vanessa
Later, Tiffany and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Later, Andrea and James went to the hospital. James gave a basketball to	Andrea
Later, Nathan and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a necklace to	Nathan
Later, Stephanie and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Later, Shannon and Brandon went to the hospital. Brandon gave a drink to	Shannon
Later, David and Tiffany went to the station. Tiffany gave a snack to	David
Later, Laura and Stephanie went to the school. Stephanie gave a drink to	Laura
Later, Amy and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a computer to	Amy
Later, Patrick and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Patrick
Later, Melissa and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a ring to	Melissa
Later, Alicia and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a computer to	Alicia
Later, Anthony and Christopher went to the station. Christopher gave a kiss to	Anthony
Later, Rachel and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a bone to	Rachel
Later, Steven and Jeffrey went to the office. Jeffrey gave a necklace to	Steven
Later, Paul and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a basketball to	Paul
Later, Joshua and Anthony went to the hospital. Anthony gave a snack to	Joshua
Later, Richard and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a kiss to	Richard
Later, Shannon and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a basketball to	Shannon
Later, Kelly and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a basketball to	Kelly
Later, Courtney and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a ring to	Courtney
Later, Dustin and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a computer to	Dustin
Later, Emily and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a ring to	Emily
Later, Christine and Jesse went to the school. Jesse gave a drink to	Christine
Later, Kimberly and Charles went to the garden. Charles gave a drink to	Kimberly
Later, Daniel and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a drink to	Daniel
Later, Jessica and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a drink to	Jessica
Later, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a ring to	Nicole
Later, Christina and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a ring to	Christina
Later, Aaron and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a computer to	Aaron
Later, Kristen and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a bone to	Kristen
Later, Rachel and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a necklace to	Rachel
Later, Amanda and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Amanda
Later, Jeremy and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a kiss to	Jeremy
Later, William and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a snack to	William
Later, Sara and Erin went to the store. Erin gave a computer to	Sara
Later, Lindsay and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a bone to	Lindsay
Later, Michael and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a necklace to	Michael
Later, Samuel and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Samuel
Later, Patrick and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Patrick
Later, Kyle and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a snack to	Kyle
Later, Rachel and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a computer to	Rachel
Later, Charles and Kelly went to the school. Kelly gave a bone to	Charles
Later, Scott and Daniel went to the garden. Daniel gave a computer to	Scott
Later, Patrick and Christina went to the station. Christina gave a bone to	Patrick
Later, Robert and Steven went to the garden. Steven gave a bone to	Robert
Later, Lisa and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a basketball to	Lisa
Later, Erin and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a drink to	Erin
Later, Jacob and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a computer to	Jacob
Later, Sarah and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a ring to	Sarah
Later, Jason and Rebecca went to the garden. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jason
Later, Michelle and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a basketball to	Michelle
Later, Adam and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Adam
Later, Michael and Kimberly went to the station. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Michael
Later, Alexander and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a snack to	Alexander
Later, Jesse and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Jesse
Later, Christina and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a drink to	Christina
Later, Matthew and Adam went to the restaurant. Adam gave a ring to	Matthew
Later, Mary and David went to the house. David gave a bone to	Mary
Later, Thomas and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a kiss to	Thomas
Later, Sarah and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a bone to	Sarah
Later, Nathan and Kevin went to the office. Kevin gave a kiss to	Nathan
Later, Bryan and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a snack to	Bryan
Later, Samantha and Kristen went to the hospital. Kristen gave a basketball to	Samantha
Later, Alexander and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a basketball to	Alexander
Later, Nicole and Christopher went to the house. Christopher gave a ring to	Nicole
Later, Jessica and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Jessica
Later, Bryan and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a drink to	Bryan
Later, Alexander and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a kiss to	Alexander
Later, Heather and Laura went to the station. Laura gave a bone to	Heather
Later, Andrea and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a computer to	Andrea
Later, Amanda and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a bone to	Amanda
Later, Lindsay and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a bone to	Lindsay
Later, Katherine and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a necklace to	Katherine
Later, Brandon and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a snack to	Brandon
Later, Christine and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a basketball to	Christine
Later, Stephen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a snack to	Stephen
Later, Justin and Charles went to the station. Charles gave a kiss to	Justin
Later, Jeffrey and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Jeffrey
Later, Jose and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Later, Melissa and Kelly went to the garden. Kelly gave a computer to	Melissa
Later, Jeremy and Heather went to the school. Heather gave a computer to	Jeremy
Later, Kelly and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a basketball to	Kelly
Later, Jennifer and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a snack to	Jennifer
Later, Lisa and Kimberly went to the store. Kimberly gave a necklace to	Lisa
Later, Bradley and Christine went to the hospital. Christine gave a ring to	Bradley
Later, Kevin and Rebecca went to the store. Rebecca gave a computer to	Kevin
Later, Joshua and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a necklace to	Joshua
Later, Lindsey and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a kiss to	Lindsey
Later, Danielle and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a bone to	Danielle
Later, Brian and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a drink to	Brian
Later, Richard and Christina went to the store. Christina gave a drink to	Richard
Later, Lindsey and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Later, Ryan and Amy went to the house. Amy gave a kiss to	Ryan
Later, Benjamin and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Later, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a computer to	Megan
Later, Mark and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a snack to	Mark
Later, Crystal and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a drink to	Crystal
Later, Dustin and Brittany went to the store. Brittany gave a kiss to	Dustin
Later, Charles and Brittany went to the garden. Brittany gave a basketball to	Charles
Later, Danielle and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a ring to	Danielle
Later, Christina and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Christina
Later, Anthony and Jamie went to the house. Jamie gave a basketball to	Anthony
Later, Rachel and John went to the store. John gave a computer to	Rachel
Later, Jamie and Charles went to the restaurant. Charles gave a necklace to	Jamie
Later, Thomas and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Thomas
Later, James and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	James
Later, Jonathan and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Jonathan
Later, Rebecca and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Rebecca
Later, Alexander and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a ring to	Alexander
Later, Travis and Joshua went to the office. Joshua gave a kiss to	Travis
Later, Jennifer and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a ring to	Jennifer
Later, Erica and Alicia went to the hospital. Alicia gave a ring to	Erica
Later, Joshua and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a snack to	Joshua
Later, Bradley and Paul went to the school. Paul gave a snack to	Bradley
Later, Emily and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	Emily
Later, Christopher and Robert went to the office. Robert gave a drink to	Christopher
Later, Crystal and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a kiss to	Crystal
Later, Samuel and William went to the garden. William gave a bone to	Samuel
Later, Kristen and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a ring to	Kristen
Later, David and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a basketball to	David
Later, Kyle and Amber went to the station. Amber gave a drink to	Kyle
Later, Katie and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a necklace to	Katie
Later, Brian and Kyle went to the restaurant. Kyle gave a snack to	Brian
Later, Erin and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a basketball to	Erin
Later, Courtney and David went to the station. David gave a ring to	Courtney
Later, Sara and John went to the store. John gave a drink to	Sara
Later, Erica and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a kiss to	Erica
Later, Samuel and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a ring to	Samuel
Later, Samuel and Tyler went to the office. Tyler gave a bone to	Samuel
Later, Shannon and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a snack to	Shannon
Later, Dustin and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Dustin
Later, Christine and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a snack to	Christine
Later, Nicholas and Justin went to the house. Justin gave a ring to	Nicholas
Later, Shannon and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a ring to	Shannon
Later, Steven and Sara went to the store. Sara gave a drink to	Steven
Later, Vanessa and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a drink to	Vanessa
Later, Sara and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a basketball to	Sara
Later, Tyler and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a basketball to	Tyler
Later, Travis and Joseph went to the garden. Joseph gave a drink to	Travis
Later, Christopher and Alexander went to the office. Alexander gave a kiss to	Christopher
Later, Nicole and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Sean and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a necklace to	Sean
Later, Courtney and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Courtney
Later, Justin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a snack to	Justin
Later, John and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	John
Later, Jessica and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Jessica
Later, Lindsey and Samantha went to the house. Samantha gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Later, Emily and Megan went to the station. Megan gave a snack to	Emily
Later, Brandon and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Jose and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a necklace to	Jose
Later, Tiffany and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Later, Charles and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a computer to	Charles
Later, Brian and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a bone to	Brian
Later, Emily and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a ring to	Emily
Later, Nicole and Ryan went to the school. Ryan gave a computer to	Nicole
Later, Brittany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a kiss to	Brittany
Later, Kristen and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a drink to	Kristen
Later, Scott and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Scott
Later, Bryan and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a kiss to	Bryan
Later, Jacob and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a basketball to	Jacob
Later, Benjamin and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a computer to	Benjamin
Later, Lindsay and Jennifer went to the store. Jennifer gave a snack to	Lindsay
Later, Amber and Lindsey went to the garden. Lindsey gave a drink to	Amber
Later, Ashley and Jeremy went to the garden. Jeremy gave a necklace to	Ashley
Later, Matthew and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a drink to	Matthew
Later, Tiffany and Kelly went to the hospital. Kelly gave a kiss to	Tiffany
Later, Jose and Alexander went to the house. Alexander gave a basketball to	Jose
Later, Cody and Shannon went to the hospital. Shannon gave a drink to	Cody
Later, Kristen and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Kristen
Later, Jamie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Jamie
Later, Joseph and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a snack to	Joseph
Later, Scott and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a drink to	Scott
Later, Sarah and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a ring to	Sarah
Later, Matthew and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Matthew
Later, Christine and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a ring to	Christine
Later, Dustin and Lindsay went to the hospital. Lindsay gave a ring to	Dustin
Later, Mark and Eric went to the restaurant. Eric gave a drink to	Mark
Later, Amanda and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a bone to	Amanda
Later, Megan and Joshua went to the station. Joshua gave a computer to	Megan
Later, Stephanie and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a snack to	Stephanie
Later, Dustin and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Dustin
Later, Brandon and Patrick went to the office. Patrick gave a basketball to	Brandon
Later, Lindsay and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a snack to	Lindsay
Later, Adam and John went to the house. John gave a drink to	Adam
Later, Stephanie and Scott went to the garden. Scott gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Later, Stephen and Amanda went to the garden. Amanda gave a necklace to	Stephen
Later, Thomas and Patrick went to the house. Patrick gave a bone to	Thomas
Later, Megan and Thomas went to the restaurant. Thomas gave a basketball to	Megan
Later, Rachel and Katie went to the school. Katie gave a kiss to	Rachel
Later, Adam and Bryan went to the office. Bryan gave a snack to	Adam
Later, Stephanie and Katherine went to the station. Katherine gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Later, William and Stephen went to the hospital. Stephen gave a computer to	William
Later, Allison and Stephen went to the station. Stephen gave a drink to	Allison
Later, Danielle and Eric went to the store. Eric gave a drink to	Danielle
Later, Bradley and Katie went to the station. Katie gave a kiss to	Bradley
Later, Dustin and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a bone to	Dustin
Later, Mary and Lindsey went to the store. Lindsey gave a kiss to	Mary
Later, Samuel and Crystal went to the school. Crystal gave a bone to	Samuel
Later, Kelly and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Later, Amy and Alexander went to the garden. Alexander gave a necklace to	Amy
Later, Tiffany and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a basketball to	Tiffany
Later, Richard and Steven went to the office. Steven gave a ring to	Richard
Later, Erin and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a bone to	Erin
Later, Lisa and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a snack to	Lisa
Later, Tyler and Katherine went to the school. Katherine gave a bone to	Tyler
Later, Ashley and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a bone to	Ashley
Later, Eric and Bradley went to the office. Bradley gave a kiss to	Eric
Later, David and Bryan went to the school. Bryan gave a kiss to	David
Later, Melissa and Elizabeth went to the office. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Melissa
Later, Rachel and Samantha went to the office. Samantha gave a snack to	Rachel
Later, Kenneth and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Later, Patrick and Elizabeth went to the garden. Elizabeth gave a snack to	Patrick
Later, Courtney and Steven went to the hospital. Steven gave a drink to	Courtney
Later, James and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a necklace to	James
Later, Vanessa and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Later, Rachel and Christopher went to the office. Christopher gave a bone to	Rachel
Later, Angela and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a kiss to	Angela
Later, Lindsay and Kelly went to the store. Kelly gave a snack to	Lindsay
Later, Samantha and John went to the school. John gave a kiss to	Samantha
Later, Rachel and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a bone to	Rachel
Later, Kelly and Rachel went to the school. Rachel gave a bone to	Kelly
Later, Richard and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a bone to	Richard
Later, Megan and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Megan
Later, Scott and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a necklace to	Scott
Later, Katie and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Katie
Later, Christine and Patrick went to the restaurant. Patrick gave a kiss to	Christine
Later, Lisa and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a drink to	Lisa
Later, Jason and Lindsey went to the station. Lindsey gave a snack to	Jason
Later, Thomas and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a drink to	Thomas
Later, Crystal and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a necklace to	Crystal
Later, Richard and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a computer to	Richard
Later, Anthony and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a snack to	Anthony
Later, Ashley and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Ashley
Later, Katie and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Katie
Later, Andrea and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a snack to	Andrea
Later, Michelle and Aaron went to the station. Aaron gave a snack to	Michelle
Later, Amy and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a drink to	Amy
Later, Steven and Mary went to the office. Mary gave a bone to	Steven
Later, Andrea and Matthew went to the store. Matthew gave a bone to	Andrea
Later, Shannon and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a snack to	Shannon
Later, Mary and William went to the restaurant. William gave a computer to	Mary
Later, Nicole and Emily went to the store. Emily gave a ring to	Nicole
Later, Andrea and Elizabeth went to the station. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Andrea
Later, Nathan and William went to the station. William gave a kiss to	Nathan
Later, William and Mary went to the station. Mary gave a basketball to	William
Later, Jacob and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Later, Kyle and Stephanie went to the hospital. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Kyle
Later, Brandon and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a basketball to	Brandon
Later, Jeffrey and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a kiss to	Jeffrey
Later, Tyler and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a drink to	Tyler
Later, Bradley and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Bradley
Later, Brandon and Sara went to the restaurant. Sara gave a bone to	Brandon
Later, Tiffany and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a snack to	Tiffany
Later, Jacob and Scott went to the office. Scott gave a bone to	Jacob
Later, Danielle and Richard went to the store. Richard gave a basketball to	Danielle
Later, Lindsay and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a drink to	Lindsay
Later, Courtney and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a basketball to	Courtney
Later, Kevin and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a bone to	Kevin
Later, Courtney and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a necklace to	Courtney
Later, Scott and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Scott
Later, Shannon and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a ring to	Shannon
Later, Alicia and Kenneth went to the station. Kenneth gave a snack to	Alicia
Later, Angela and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a ring to	Angela
Later, Stephen and Brittany went to the school. Brittany gave a computer to	Stephen
Later, Robert and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a computer to	Robert
Later, Eric and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a necklace to	Eric
Later, Thomas and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a necklace to	Thomas
Later, Jacob and Alicia went to the house. Alicia gave a ring to	Jacob
Later, Andrea and Katherine went to the office. Katherine gave a computer to	Andrea
Later, Michelle and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a necklace to	Michelle
Later, Kyle and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a snack to	Kyle
Later, Jesse and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Jesse
Later, Amanda and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amanda
Later, Brandon and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a bone to	Brandon
Later, Kevin and Richard went to the hospital. Richard gave a drink to	Kevin
Later, Erin and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Erin
Later, Tyler and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Tyler
Later, Ryan and Adam went to the garden. Adam gave a ring to	Ryan
Later, Amber and Rachel went to the garden. Rachel gave a ring to	Amber
Later, Amanda and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a necklace to	Amanda
Later, Alexander and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a computer to	Alexander
Later, Christopher and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a basketball to	Christopher
Later, Shannon and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Shannon
Later, Stephanie and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Later, Katie and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Katie
Later, Robert and William went to the station. William gave a snack to	Robert
Later, Amy and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a necklace to	Amy
Later, Joshua and Kimberly went to the school. Kimberly gave a basketball to	Joshua
Later, Ashley and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a kiss to	Ashley
Later, Jose and Patrick went to the school. Patrick gave a necklace to	Jose
Later, Sara and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a kiss to	Sara
Later, Rebecca and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Later, Andrea and Tyler went to the school. Tyler gave a snack to	Andrea
Later, Jeremy and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Later, Mary and John went to the station. John gave a kiss to	Mary
Later, Dustin and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a computer to	Dustin
Later, Tyler and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a computer to	Tyler
Later, Brian and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a snack to	Brian
Later, Jesse and Vanessa went to the hospital. Vanessa gave a drink to	Jesse
Later, Jose and Angela went to the garden. Angela gave a snack to	Jose
Later, Kelly and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a drink to	Kelly
Later, John and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a snack to	John
Later, Emily and Jeremy went to the restaurant. Jeremy gave a computer to	Emily
Later, Elizabeth and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Elizabeth
Later, John and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a computer to	John
Later, Jessica and Samuel went to the house. Samuel gave a bone to	Jessica
Later, Jessica and Kyle went to the hospital. Kyle gave a bone to	Jessica
Later, Christina and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a bone to	Christina
Later, Jacob and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a computer to	Jacob
Later, Sara and Gregory went to the house. Gregory gave a snack to	Sara
Later, Michelle and James went to the restaurant. James gave a kiss to	Michelle
Later, Amber and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a necklace to	Amber
Later, Benjamin and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a necklace to	Benjamin
Later, Travis and Kristen went to the house. Kristen gave a basketball to	Travis
Later, David and Kenneth went to the restaurant. Kenneth gave a kiss to	David
Later, Vanessa and James went to the house. James gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Later, Ryan and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a snack to	Ryan
Later, Jacob and Alexander went to the school. Alexander gave a ring to	Jacob
Later, Kyle and Samantha went to the hospital. Samantha gave a drink to	Kyle
Later, Katie and Tyler went to the hospital. Tyler gave a drink to	Katie
Later, Brittany and Anthony went to the garden. Anthony gave a bone to	Brittany
Later, Christine and Richard went to the restaurant. Richard gave a computer to	Christine
Later, Laura and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a computer to	Laura
Later, Tyler and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Tyler
Later, Daniel and Michael went to the school. Michael gave a kiss to	Daniel
Later, Jeremy and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a necklace to	Jeremy
Later, Daniel and Benjamin went to the school. Benjamin gave a snack to	Daniel
Later, Katie and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a drink to	Katie
Later, Jessica and Jamie went to the store. Jamie gave a kiss to	Jessica
Later, Daniel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a basketball to	Daniel
Later, Eric and Michelle went to the restaurant. Michelle gave a basketball to	Eric
Later, Scott and Lisa went to the garden. Lisa gave a bone to	Scott
Later, Ryan and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Ryan
Later, Megan and Timothy went to the hospital. Timothy gave a kiss to	Megan
Later, Jacob and Amanda went to the house. Amanda gave a drink to	Jacob
Later, William and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a kiss to	William
Later, Elizabeth and Kenneth went to the office. Kenneth gave a kiss to	Elizabeth
Later, Tyler and Nathan went to the house. Nathan gave a necklace to	Tyler
Later, Jose and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a drink to	Jose
Later, Jessica and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a drink to	Jessica
Later, Sean and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a computer to	Sean
Later, Bryan and Jacob went to the restaurant. Jacob gave a drink to	Bryan
Later, Shannon and Benjamin went to the store. Benjamin gave a bone to	Shannon
Later, Michael and Kyle went to the office. Kyle gave a drink to	Michael
Later, Stephanie and Timothy went to the office. Timothy gave a bone to	Stephanie
Later, Rebecca and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a drink to	Rebecca
Later, Aaron and Heather went to the office. Heather gave a bone to	Aaron
Later, Kenneth and Matthew went to the restaurant. Matthew gave a basketball to	Kenneth
Later, Allison and Kyle went to the garden. Kyle gave a necklace to	Allison
Later, Andrea and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a kiss to	Andrea
Later, Cody and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a ring to	Cody
Later, Lauren and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a bone to	Lauren
Later, Melissa and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a snack to	Melissa
Later, Jeffrey and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a drink to	Jeffrey
Later, Andrew and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a bone to	Andrew
Later, Gregory and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a kiss to	Gregory
Later, Elizabeth and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a computer to	Elizabeth
Later, Patrick and Angela went to the store. Angela gave a kiss to	Patrick
Later, Laura and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a snack to	Laura
Later, Brian and Lindsay went to the restaurant. Lindsay gave a bone to	Brian
Later, Kenneth and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Later, Mark and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a computer to	Mark
Later, Justin and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a computer to	Justin
Later, Charles and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Charles
Later, Alicia and Paul went to the garden. Paul gave a snack to	Alicia
Later, Kristen and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a basketball to	Kristen
Later, Melissa and Ashley went to the garden. Ashley gave a kiss to	Melissa
Later, Katherine and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a computer to	Katherine
Later, Tyler and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a basketball to	Tyler
Later, Alicia and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a snack to	Alicia
Later, Samuel and Amber went to the office. Amber gave a bone to	Samuel
Later, Adam and Kevin went to the garden. Kevin gave a kiss to	Adam
Later, James and Nicholas went to the garden. Nicholas gave a necklace to	James
Later, Sean and Angela went to the restaurant. Angela gave a kiss to	Sean
Later, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the hospital. Elizabeth gave a computer to	Kimberly
Later, Brandon and Heather went to the store. Heather gave a computer to	Brandon
Later, Mark and Samuel went to the office. Samuel gave a bone to	Mark
Later, Joshua and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a bone to	Joshua
Later, Crystal and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a kiss to	Crystal
Later, Dustin and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a necklace to	Dustin
Later, Amber and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a kiss to	Amber
Later, Ryan and Christopher went to the restaurant. Christopher gave a kiss to	Ryan
Later, Erica and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Erica
Later, Paul and Kevin went to the station. Kevin gave a basketball to	Paul
Later, Joseph and Jessica went to the garden. Jessica gave a ring to	Joseph
Later, Amanda and Richard went to the station. Richard gave a basketball to	Amanda
Later, Patrick and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a kiss to	Patrick
Later, Rachel and Alexander went to the restaurant. Alexander gave a computer to	Rachel
Later, Emily and Crystal went to the house. Crystal gave a computer to	Emily
Later, Jamie and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a ring to	Jamie
Later, Matthew and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a ring to	Matthew
Later, Steven and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a snack to	Steven
Later, Scott and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a kiss to	Scott
Later, Kimberly and Aaron went to the office. Aaron gave a ring to	Kimberly
Later, Mary and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Mary
Later, Steven and Angela went to the office. Angela gave a computer to	Steven
Later, Heather and Amy went to the store. Amy gave a computer to	Heather
Later, Mary and Mark went to the garden. Mark gave a kiss to	Mary
Later, Vanessa and Joshua went to the restaurant. Joshua gave a necklace to	Vanessa
Later, Kenneth and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Kenneth
Later, Lauren and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a necklace to	Lauren
Later, Bradley and Kelly went to the office. Kelly gave a bone to	Bradley
Later, Matthew and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a snack to	Matthew
Later, Emily and Ryan went to the restaurant. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Later, Adam and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a kiss to	Adam
Later, Vanessa and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a computer to	Vanessa
Later, Mary and Cody went to the station. Cody gave a bone to	Mary
Later, Michelle and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a computer to	Michelle
Later, Kelly and Allison went to the hospital. Allison gave a basketball to	Kelly
Later, Paul and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a bone to	Paul
Later, Jeffrey and Charles went to the hospital. Charles gave a bone to	Jeffrey
Later, Aaron and Ryan went to the garden. Ryan gave a bone to	Aaron
Later, Tiffany and Nicole went to the house. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Later, Justin and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a necklace to	Justin
Later, Erin and Justin went to the station. Justin gave a basketball to	Erin
Later, Laura and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Laura
Later, William and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	William
Later, Sean and Brandon went to the store. Brandon gave a kiss to	Sean
Later, Cody and Kelly went to the house. Kelly gave a necklace to	Cody
Later, Vanessa and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a bone to	Vanessa
Later, Courtney and Rachel went to the house. Rachel gave a kiss to	Courtney
Later, Benjamin and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a ring to	Benjamin
Later, Andrew and Christopher went to the store. Christopher gave a bone to	Andrew
Later, Adam and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a kiss to	Adam
Later, Melissa and Jennifer went to the house. Jennifer gave a bone to	Melissa
Later, Rebecca and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Rebecca
Later, Travis and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a basketball to	Travis
Later, Rebecca and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Rebecca
Later, Emily and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a necklace to	Emily
Later, Ashley and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a bone to	Ashley
Later, Daniel and Brittany went to the office. Brittany gave a kiss to	Daniel
Later, Justin and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a drink to	Justin
Later, Cody and Lindsey went to the restaurant. Lindsey gave a necklace to	Cody
Later, Charles and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a necklace to	Charles
Later, Brandon and Melissa went to the station. Melissa gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Andrea and James went to the garden. James gave a necklace to	Andrea
Later, Joshua and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a drink to	Joshua
Later, Nicholas and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a drink to	Nicholas
Later, Katherine and Michael went to the office. Michael gave a kiss to	Katherine
Later, Kimberly and Aaron went to the store. Aaron gave a kiss to	Kimberly
Later, Courtney and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a drink to	Courtney
Later, Jeremy and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a bone to	Jeremy
Later, Mary and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a drink to	Mary
Later, Erica and Nicole went to the office. Nicole gave a snack to	Erica
Later, Rachel and Jessica went to the station. Jessica gave a bone to	Rachel
Later, Ryan and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a bone to	Ryan
Later, Elizabeth and Allison went to the school. Allison gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Later, Aaron and Alicia went to the restaurant. Alicia gave a necklace to	Aaron
Later, Brian and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a ring to	Brian
Later, Andrew and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a necklace to	Andrew
Later, Amy and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a necklace to	Amy
Later, Sarah and Megan went to the school. Megan gave a drink to	Sarah
Later, Christina and Kristen went to the store. Kristen gave a snack to	Christina
Later, Brandon and Anthony went to the station. Anthony gave a computer to	Brandon
Later, Kristen and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a computer to	Kristen
Later, Nicole and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Nicole
Later, Kevin and Sara went to the hospital. Sara gave a drink to	Kevin
Later, Tyler and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a snack to	Tyler
Later, Jacob and Laura went to the house. Laura gave a necklace to	Jacob
Later, Timothy and Tiffany went to the house. Tiffany gave a ring to	Timothy
Later, Thomas and Heather went to the house. Heather gave a kiss to	Thomas
Later, Courtney and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a ring to	Courtney
Later, Lisa and Charles went to the house. Charles gave a basketball to	Lisa
Later, Jeffrey and Emily went to the office. Emily gave a basketball to	Jeffrey
Later, Sean and Jonathan went to the hospital. Jonathan gave a drink to	Sean
Later, James and Courtney went to the restaurant. Courtney gave a drink to	James
Later, Kenneth and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a bone to	Kenneth
Later, Vanessa and Jason went to the store. Jason gave a ring to	Vanessa
Later, Scott and Ashley went to the store. Ashley gave a bone to	Scott
Later, Samuel and Joseph went to the hospital. Joseph gave a computer to	Samuel
Later, Kenneth and Tyler went to the house. Tyler gave a ring to	Kenneth
Later, Patrick and John went to the office. John gave a drink to	Patrick
Later, Eric and William went to the office. William gave a necklace to	Eric
Later, Andrew and Nathan went to the station. Nathan gave a snack to	Andrew
Later, Nicole and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Nicole
Later, Erica and Courtney went to the station. Courtney gave a drink to	Erica
Later, Nicole and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Courtney and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a bone to	Courtney
Later, Andrea and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a snack to	Andrea
Later, Emily and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Emily
Later, Jennifer and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a kiss to	Jennifer
Later, Sarah and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a necklace to	Sarah
Later, Erica and Erin went to the garden. Erin gave a basketball to	Erica
Later, Amy and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a basketball to	Amy
Later, Nicole and Timothy went to the station. Timothy gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Mary and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a basketball to	Mary
Later, Danielle and Jonathan went to the restaurant. Jonathan gave a drink to	Danielle
Later, Brian and Stephanie went to the office. Stephanie gave a necklace to	Brian
Later, Brian and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a necklace to	Brian
Later, Amber and Cody went to the store. Cody gave a drink to	Amber
Later, David and Lindsey went to the hospital. Lindsey gave a necklace to	David
Later, Amanda and Charles went to the store. Charles gave a ring to	Amanda
Later, Angela and Vanessa went to the store. Vanessa gave a snack to	Angela
Later, Justin and Katie went to the hospital. Katie gave a necklace to	Justin
Later, Samantha and Nicholas went to the hospital. Nicholas gave a computer to	Samantha
Later, Steven and Rachel went to the restaurant. Rachel gave a snack to	Steven
Later, Erica and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Erica
Later, Bryan and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a basketball to	Bryan
Later, Rachel and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a drink to	Rachel
Later, Jacob and Sean went to the garden. Sean gave a ring to	Jacob
Later, Stephanie and Travis went to the station. Travis gave a ring to	Stephanie
Later, Mary and Katie went to the house. Katie gave a computer to	Mary
Later, Thomas and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a drink to	Thomas
Later, Laura and Lisa went to the restaurant. Lisa gave a computer to	Laura
Later, Brittany and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a snack to	Brittany
Later, Ryan and Sean went to the store. Sean gave a bone to	Ryan
Later, Elizabeth and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a basketball to	Elizabeth
Later, Travis and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a computer to	Travis
Later, Jennifer and Kyle went to the house. Kyle gave a basketball to	Jennifer
Later, Lisa and Melissa went to the store. Melissa gave a basketball to	Lisa
Later, Thomas and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a ring to	Thomas
Later, Kelly and Patrick went to the store. Patrick gave a kiss to	Kelly
Later, Steven and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a bone to	Steven
Later, Bradley and Anthony went to the restaurant. Anthony gave a ring to	Bradley
Later, Jacob and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a kiss to	Jacob
Later, Nicole and Katherine went to the restaurant. Katherine gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Laura and Charles went to the school. Charles gave a kiss to	Laura
Later, Ashley and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Later, Joshua and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a computer to	Joshua
Later, Elizabeth and Brittany went to the restaurant. Brittany gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Later, Laura and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a drink to	Laura
Later, Brittany and Allison went to the store. Allison gave a snack to	Brittany
Later, Lindsay and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Lindsay
Later, Stephen and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a computer to	Stephen
Later, Mary and Megan went to the office. Megan gave a necklace to	Mary
Later, Timothy and Lisa went to the office. Lisa gave a computer to	Timothy
Later, Kelly and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a computer to	Kelly
Later, Katie and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a computer to	Katie
Later, Heather and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a snack to	Heather
Later, Bryan and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Bryan
Later, Jamie and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a snack to	Jamie
Later, Paul and David went to the school. David gave a bone to	Paul
Later, Jamie and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a computer to	Jamie
Later, Timothy and Bryan went to the store. Bryan gave a snack to	Timothy
Later, Adam and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Adam
Later, Christina and Sara went to the station. Sara gave a snack to	Christina
Later, Patrick and Steven went to the store. Steven gave a bone to	Patrick
Later, Amy and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a snack to	Amy
Later, James and Jeremy went to the school. Jeremy gave a basketball to	James
Later, Tiffany and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a drink to	Tiffany
Later, Ashley and Scott went to the station. Scott gave a bone to	Ashley
Later, Thomas and Timothy went to the garden. Timothy gave a basketball to	Thomas
Later, Jennifer and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a drink to	Jennifer
Later, Stephen and Matthew went to the office. Matthew gave a kiss to	Stephen
Later, Andrew and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a basketball to	Andrew
Later, Stephanie and Crystal went to the office. Crystal gave a computer to	Stephanie
Later, Alexander and Brandon went to the school. Brandon gave a ring to	Alexander
Later, Emily and Lauren went to the store. Lauren gave a computer to	Emily
Later, Charles and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a necklace to	Charles
Later, Matthew and Joshua went to the hospital. Joshua gave a computer to	Matthew
Later, Aaron and Mark went to the station. Mark gave a basketball to	Aaron
Later, Melissa and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a computer to	Melissa
Later, Lisa and Dustin went to the station. Dustin gave a drink to	Lisa
Later, John and Michelle went to the school. Michelle gave a bone to	John
Later, Christine and James went to the office. James gave a snack to	Christine
Later, Kristen and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a bone to	Kristen
Later, Rebecca and Robert went to the garden. Robert gave a ring to	Rebecca
Later, Laura and Gregory went to the school. Gregory gave a ring to	Laura
Later, Samantha and Jeremy went to the store. Jeremy gave a computer to	Samantha
Later, James and Jose went to the hospital. Jose gave a snack to	James
Later, Christopher and Richard went to the house. Richard gave a basketball to	Christopher
Later, Tyler and Bryan went to the garden. Bryan gave a kiss to	Tyler
Later, Charles and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a basketball to	Charles
Later, Joseph and Brandon went to the house. Brandon gave a snack to	Joseph
Later, Scott and Jeffrey went to the school. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Scott
Later, Thomas and Danielle went to the station. Danielle gave a computer to	Thomas
Later, Jose and Kimberly went to the house. Kimberly gave a computer to	Jose
Later, Laura and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a drink to	Laura
Later, John and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	John
Later, Tiffany and Lindsay went to the store. Lindsay gave a computer to	Tiffany
Later, Bradley and Patrick went to the hospital. Patrick gave a kiss to	Bradley
Later, Emily and Cody went to the garden. Cody gave a snack to	Emily
Later, Katherine and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a snack to	Katherine
Later, Scott and Jesse went to the hospital. Jesse gave a ring to	Scott
Later, David and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	David
Later, Jesse and Kyle went to the store. Kyle gave a necklace to	Jesse
Later, Jesse and Amanda went to the office. Amanda gave a ring to	Jesse
Later, Nicole and Thomas went to the store. Thomas gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Tyler and Erica went to the store. Erica gave a ring to	Tyler
Later, Jacob and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a necklace to	Jacob
Later, Alicia and Erica went to the garden. Erica gave a ring to	Alicia
Later, Tyler and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a basketball to	Tyler
Later, Alexander and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a drink to	Alexander
Later, Laura and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a computer to	Laura
Later, Kenneth and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a drink to	Kenneth
Later, Patrick and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a necklace to	Patrick
Later, William and Nicholas went to the school. Nicholas gave a kiss to	William
Later, Amber and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a basketball to	Amber
Later, Eric and David went to the restaurant. David gave a snack to	Eric
Later, Ashley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Ashley
Later, Heather and Mary went to the store. Mary gave a kiss to	Heather
Later, Erica and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a ring to	Erica
Later, Jessica and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a bone to	Jessica
Later, Kelly and Gregory went to the restaurant. Gregory gave a bone to	Kelly
Later, Rebecca and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Rebecca
Later, Sean and Joshua went to the house. Joshua gave a drink to	Sean
Later, Patrick and Sarah went to the restaurant. Sarah gave a ring to	Patrick
Later, Kimberly and Kyle went to the station. Kyle gave a computer to	Kimberly
Later, Vanessa and Brian went to the hospital. Brian gave a computer to	Vanessa
Later, Cody and Tiffany went to the school. Tiffany gave a bone to	Cody
Later, Lisa and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a ring to	Lisa
Later, Nathan and Allison went to the station. Allison gave a computer to	Nathan
Later, Jeffrey and Benjamin went to the office. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Jeffrey
Later, Brandon and Nathan went to the school. Nathan gave a bone to	Brandon
Later, Vanessa and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a basketball to	Vanessa
Later, Stephen and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a snack to	Stephen
Later, Brandon and Tiffany went to the restaurant. Tiffany gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Ashley and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a basketball to	Ashley
Later, Amber and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a necklace to	Amber
Later, Angela and Ashley went to the station. Ashley gave a computer to	Angela
Later, Laura and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a snack to	Laura
Later, Cody and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a necklace to	Cody
Later, Tyler and Jeffrey went to the store. Jeffrey gave a computer to	Tyler
Later, Samantha and Jennifer went to the garden. Jennifer gave a basketball to	Samantha
Later, Stephanie and Andrea went to the hospital. Andrea gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Later, Anthony and Kenneth went to the hospital. Kenneth gave a drink to	Anthony
Later, Samantha and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a computer to	Samantha
Later, Laura and Jose went to the store. Jose gave a basketball to	Laura
Later, Andrea and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a basketball to	Andrea
Later, Stephanie and Robert went to the store. Robert gave a computer to	Stephanie
Later, Samantha and Mark went to the store. Mark gave a kiss to	Samantha
Later, Eric and Matthew went to the school. Matthew gave a drink to	Eric
Later, Aaron and David went to the house. David gave a computer to	Aaron
Later, Joshua and Benjamin went to the house. Benjamin gave a snack to	Joshua
Later, Amy and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Amy
Later, Jeremy and Shannon went to the house. Shannon gave a basketball to	Jeremy
Later, Aaron and Lindsey went to the office. Lindsey gave a computer to	Aaron
Later, Elizabeth and Sara went to the garden. Sara gave a necklace to	Elizabeth
Later, Kyle and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a basketball to	Kyle
Later, Nicholas and Dustin went to the store. Dustin gave a basketball to	Nicholas
Later, Laura and Bryan went to the hospital. Bryan gave a basketball to	Laura
Later, Gregory and Brandon went to the office. Brandon gave a bone to	Gregory
Later, Melissa and Brian went to the station. Brian gave a snack to	Melissa
Later, Matthew and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a computer to	Matthew
Later, Gregory and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a bone to	Gregory
Later, Rebecca and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	Rebecca
Later, Ryan and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Ryan
Later, Stephanie and Kristen went to the office. Kristen gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Later, Ryan and Sean went to the school. Sean gave a basketball to	Ryan
Later, Amanda and Aaron went to the house. Aaron gave a kiss to	Amanda
Later, Adam and Matthew went to the hospital. Matthew gave a drink to	Adam
Later, Samuel and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a ring to	Samuel
Later, Stephen and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a snack to	Stephen
Later, Thomas and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a drink to	Thomas
Later, Kimberly and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Kimberly
Later, Heather and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Heather
Later, Brittany and Jonathan went to the school. Jonathan gave a bone to	Brittany
Later, Joseph and Robert went to the school. Robert gave a computer to	Joseph
Later, Jonathan and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a necklace to	Jonathan
Later, Jose and Rebecca went to the house. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Jose
Later, Stephanie and Jeffrey went to the restaurant. Jeffrey gave a snack to	Stephanie
Later, Benjamin and Dustin went to the restaurant. Dustin gave a snack to	Benjamin
Later, Elizabeth and Jennifer went to the station. Jennifer gave a ring to	Elizabeth
Later, Lisa and Andrea went to the station. Andrea gave a snack to	Lisa
Later, Shannon and John went to the office. John gave a ring to	Shannon
Later, Danielle and Rebecca went to the office. Rebecca gave a kiss to	Danielle
Later, Tyler and Danielle went to the house. Danielle gave a snack to	Tyler
Later, Kristen and Eric went to the hospital. Eric gave a snack to	Kristen
Later, Jacob and Andrew went to the station. Andrew gave a kiss to	Jacob
Later, Cody and Nicole went to the garden. Nicole gave a bone to	Cody
Later, Robert and Jessica went to the office. Jessica gave a bone to	Robert
Later, Erica and Jeffrey went to the station. Jeffrey gave a drink to	Erica
Later, Jacob and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a necklace to	Jacob
Later, Matthew and David went to the restaurant. David gave a kiss to	Matthew
Later, Tiffany and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a snack to	Tiffany
Later, Stephen and Jacob went to the school. Jacob gave a ring to	Stephen
Later, Christopher and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a ring to	Christopher
Later, Brian and Aaron went to the school. Aaron gave a necklace to	Brian
Later, Angela and Amanda went to the station. Amanda gave a necklace to	Angela
Later, Mary and Nicholas went to the store. Nicholas gave a ring to	Mary
Later, Samantha and Katherine went to the hospital. Katherine gave a kiss to	Samantha
Later, Steven and Kimberly went to the garden. Kimberly gave a drink to	Steven
Later, Lindsay and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Lindsay
Later, Justin and Sara went to the house. Sara gave a basketball to	Justin
Later, Joshua and Scott went to the hospital. Scott gave a drink to	Joshua
Later, William and Jennifer went to the hospital. Jennifer gave a bone to	William
Later, William and Jason went to the office. Jason gave a kiss to	William
Later, Jonathan and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a drink to	Jonathan
Later, Jessica and Nicole went to the school. Nicole gave a bone to	Jessica
Later, Richard and Allison went to the office. Allison gave a drink to	Richard
Later, Charles and Jason went to the house. Jason gave a drink to	Charles
Later, Mary and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a ring to	Mary
Later, Nicholas and Jesse went to the store. Jesse gave a snack to	Nicholas
Later, Gregory and Courtney went to the store. Courtney gave a kiss to	Gregory
Later, Nicole and Dustin went to the office. Dustin gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Kristen and Joseph went to the school. Joseph gave a bone to	Kristen
Later, Jeremy and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a drink to	Jeremy
Later, Ashley and Vanessa went to the restaurant. Vanessa gave a bone to	Ashley
Later, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Tiffany
Later, Jonathan and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a kiss to	Jonathan
Later, Sean and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Sean
Later, Daniel and Thomas went to the station. Thomas gave a necklace to	Daniel
Later, Jamie and Stephen went to the school. Stephen gave a drink to	Jamie
Later, Jacob and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a necklace to	Jacob
Later, Amy and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a ring to	Amy
Later, Paul and Christina went to the school. Christina gave a snack to	Paul
Later, Jennifer and Jessica went to the school. Jessica gave a drink to	Jennifer
Later, William and Emily went to the hospital. Emily gave a basketball to	William
Later, Lauren and Danielle went to the garden. Danielle gave a basketball to	Lauren
Later, Paul and Michael went to the hospital. Michael gave a kiss to	Paul
Later, Stephanie and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a computer to	Stephanie
Later, Justin and Amy went to the restaurant. Amy gave a necklace to	Justin
Later, Ashley and William went to the store. William gave a computer to	Ashley
Later, Danielle and Daniel went to the office. Daniel gave a ring to	Danielle
Later, Nicole and Brian went to the garden. Brian gave a ring to	Nicole
Later, Samantha and Jacob went to the store. Jacob gave a bone to	Samantha
Later, Kristen and Jonathan went to the house. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Kristen
Later, Nicole and Steven went to the restaurant. Steven gave a necklace to	Nicole
Later, Dustin and Benjamin went to the restaurant. Benjamin gave a computer to	Dustin
Later, Amy and Lauren went to the station. Lauren gave a basketball to	Amy
Later, Ashley and Cody went to the office. Cody gave a basketball to	Ashley
Later, Jason and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a snack to	Jason
Later, Kyle and Erin went to the restaurant. Erin gave a computer to	Kyle
Later, Richard and Anthony went to the store. Anthony gave a necklace to	Richard
Later, Mark and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a basketball to	Mark
Later, Nathan and Justin went to the school. Justin gave a drink to	Nathan
Later, Stephanie and Paul went to the restaurant. Paul gave a basketball to	Stephanie
Later, Steven and Dustin went to the house. Dustin gave a basketball to	Steven
Later, Jesse and Travis went to the restaurant. Travis gave a basketball to	Jesse
Later, Sara and Stephanie went to the garden. Stephanie gave a drink to	Sara
Later, Amanda and Scott went to the restaurant. Scott gave a basketball to	Amanda
Later, Nicole and Jonathan went to the store. Jonathan gave a basketball to	Nicole
Later, Bradley and Vanessa went to the garden. Vanessa gave a computer to	Bradley
Later, Thomas and Sarah went to the store. Sarah gave a computer to	Thomas
Later, Angela and Samantha went to the store. Samantha gave a kiss to	Angela
Later, Ryan and Sean went to the restaurant. Sean gave a computer to	Ryan
Later, Joseph and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a snack to	Joseph
Later, Thomas and Samantha went to the garden. Samantha gave a computer to	Thomas
Later, Melissa and Stephen went to the restaurant. Stephen gave a necklace to	Melissa
Later, Brian and Brandon went to the restaurant. Brandon gave a basketball to	Brian
Later, Kimberly and Travis went to the house. Travis gave a ring to	Kimberly
Later, Andrea and Michelle went to the office. Michelle gave a ring to	Andrea
Later, Scott and Andrew went to the restaurant. Andrew gave a kiss to	Scott
Later, David and Courtney went to the office. Courtney gave a drink to	David
Later, Michelle and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a bone to	Michelle
Later, Jose and Steven went to the house. Steven gave a basketball to	Jose
Later, Katherine and Travis went to the garden. Travis gave a computer to	Katherine
Later, Christina and Elizabeth went to the house. Elizabeth gave a necklace to	Christina
Later, Sara and Jose went to the station. Jose gave a computer to	Sara
Later, Lindsay and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Lindsay
Later, Amber and Patrick went to the station. Patrick gave a snack to	Amber
Later, Katherine and Matthew went to the house. Matthew gave a drink to	Katherine
Later, James and Kelly went to the station. Kelly gave a bone to	James
Later, Jeremy and Bradley went to the hospital. Bradley gave a computer to	Jeremy
Later, Christina and Anthony went to the school. Anthony gave a snack to	Christina
Later, Mary and Shannon went to the store. Shannon gave a ring to	Mary
Later, Robert and Jonathan went to the office. Jonathan gave a kiss to	Robert
Later, Timothy and Andrew went to the house. Andrew gave a drink to	Timothy
Later, Mary and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Mary
Later, Brandon and Jennifer went to the school. Jennifer gave a drink to	Brandon
Later, Jamie and Brian went to the store. Brian gave a drink to	Jamie
Later, Jeffrey and Gregory went to the station. Gregory gave a ring to	Jeffrey
Later, Tiffany and Nicole went to the store. Nicole gave a ring to	Tiffany
Later, Jesse and Mark went to the school. Mark gave a kiss to	Jesse
Later, Brittany and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brittany
Later, Lindsay and Matthew went to the station. Matthew gave a drink to	Lindsay
Later, Jonathan and Melissa went to the hospital. Melissa gave a basketball to	Jonathan
Later, Mark and Jose went to the house. Jose gave a kiss to	Mark
Later, Aaron and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a computer to	Aaron
Later, Jose and Cody went to the house. Cody gave a ring to	Jose
Later, Kristen and Megan went to the restaurant. Megan gave a bone to	Kristen
Later, Nicole and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Nicole
Later, Jacob and Adam went to the school. Adam gave a computer to	Jacob
Later, Erin and Andrea went to the restaurant. Andrea gave a basketball to	Erin
Later, Jacob and Mary went to the house. Mary gave a ring to	Jacob
Later, Stephen and Stephanie went to the house. Stephanie gave a bone to	Stephen
Later, Courtney and Christopher went to the garden. Christopher gave a bone to	Courtney
Later, Lindsay and Joseph went to the station. Joseph gave a computer to	Lindsay
Later, Cody and Jamie went to the station. Jamie gave a snack to	Cody
Later, Mary and Tyler went to the store. Tyler gave a drink to	Mary
Later, Amy and Courtney went to the garden. Courtney gave a necklace to	Amy
Later, Paul and Nicole went to the station. Nicole gave a necklace to	Paul
Later, Richard and Ashley went to the school. Ashley gave a snack to	Richard
Later, Andrew and Christine went to the restaurant. Christine gave a basketball to	Andrew
Later, Nicholas and Alicia went to the station. Alicia gave a drink to	Nicholas
Later, Sara and Jamie went to the office. Jamie gave a necklace to	Sara
Later, Matthew and Gregory went to the garden. Gregory gave a necklace to	Matthew
Later, Katie and Stephen went to the house. Stephen gave a kiss to	Katie
Later, Stephen and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Stephen
Later, Dustin and Brian went to the restaurant. Brian gave a kiss to	Dustin
Later, Jennifer and Melissa went to the school. Melissa gave a snack to	Jennifer
Later, Jason and Crystal went to the hospital. Crystal gave a kiss to	Jason
Later, Stephen and Kristen went to the school. Kristen gave a bone to	Stephen
Later, Jose and Ashley went to the restaurant. Ashley gave a necklace to	Jose
Later, Robert and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a bone to	Robert
Later, Heather and Jeremy went to the station. Jeremy gave a kiss to	Heather
Later, Erin and Melissa went to the garden. Melissa gave a kiss to	Erin
Later, Samuel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a bone to	Samuel
Later, Kevin and James went to the office. James gave a ring to	Kevin
Later, Crystal and Scott went to the store. Scott gave a necklace to	Crystal
Later, Andrea and Kimberly went to the office. Kimberly gave a ring to	Andrea
Later, Rachel and Michael went to the house. Michael gave a basketball to	Rachel
Later, Amanda and Brandon went to the station. Brandon gave a ring to	Amanda
Later, Joseph and Jessica went to the restaurant. Jessica gave a bone to	Joseph
Later, Andrea and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a drink to	Andrea
Later, Sara and Lindsay went to the school. Lindsay gave a necklace to	Sara
Later, Patrick and John went to the restaurant. John gave a ring to	Patrick
Later, Lindsay and Kenneth went to the store. Kenneth gave a snack to	Lindsay
Later, John and Angela went to the station. Angela gave a drink to	John
Later, Ryan and Thomas went to the garden. Thomas gave a bone to	Ryan
Later, Amy and Lauren went to the house. Lauren gave a snack to	Amy
Later, Anthony and Sara went to the school. Sara gave a snack to	Anthony
Later, Scott and Amanda went to the restaurant. Amanda gave a drink to	Scott
Later, Kristen and Sarah went to the school. Sarah gave a basketball to	Kristen
Later, Christina and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Christina
Later, Bryan and Samuel went to the station. Samuel gave a ring to	Bryan
Later, Richard and Michael went to the restaurant. Michael gave a bone to	Richard
Later, Christine and Samuel went to the garden. Samuel gave a drink to	Christine
Later, Amber and Melissa went to the restaurant. Melissa gave a ring to	Amber
Later, Tyler and Lindsay went to the station. Lindsay gave a ring to	Tyler
Later, Richard and Laura went to the restaurant. Laura gave a snack to	Richard
Later, Jason and Rebecca went to the hospital. Rebecca gave a ring to	Jason
Later, Aaron and Michelle went to the store. Michelle gave a computer to	Aaron
Later, Mark and Kristen went to the garden. Kristen gave a computer to	Mark
Later, Katie and Adam went to the store. Adam gave a bone to	Katie
Later, Mark and Jason went to the restaurant. Jason gave a necklace to	Mark
Later, William and Dustin went to the school. Dustin gave a snack to	William
Later, Patrick and Sarah went to the garden. Sarah gave a necklace to	Patrick
Later, Crystal and Joshua went to the store. Joshua gave a ring to	Crystal
Later, Gregory and Samantha went to the restaurant. Samantha gave a drink to	Gregory
Later, Richard and Katie went to the restaurant. Katie gave a computer to	Richard
Later, Lindsey and Christine went to the garden. Christine gave a basketball to	Lindsey
Later, Amy and Stephanie went to the restaurant. Stephanie gave a bone to	Amy
Later, Sarah and Steven went to the school. Steven gave a basketball to	Sarah
Later, Courtney and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a drink to	Courtney
Later, Eric and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a drink to	Eric
Later, Jessica and Lauren went to the hospital. Lauren gave a ring to	Jessica
Later, Scott and Kimberly went to the hospital. Kimberly gave a computer to	Scott
Later, Alicia and Jacob went to the hospital. Jacob gave a ring to	Alicia
Later, Kristen and Jesse went to the garden. Jesse gave a ring to	Kristen
Later, Cody and Jessica went to the hospital. Jessica gave a bone to	Cody
Later, Lauren and Rachel went to the station. Rachel gave a kiss to	Lauren
Later, Anthony and Megan went to the house. Megan gave a bone to	Anthony
Later, Lisa and Jesse went to the restaurant. Jesse gave a kiss to	Lisa
Later, Adam and Eric went to the station. Eric gave a bone to	Adam
Later, Tyler and Rachel went to the store. Rachel gave a snack to	Tyler
Later, Mark and Amanda went to the school. Amanda gave a basketball to	Mark
Later, James and Katherine went to the store. Katherine gave a snack to	James
Later, Eric and Amber went to the garden. Amber gave a ring to	Eric
Later, Joshua and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a kiss to	Joshua
Later, Andrea and Crystal went to the station. Crystal gave a drink to	Andrea
Later, Kyle and Travis went to the store. Travis gave a bone to	Kyle
Later, Nathan and Daniel went to the store. Daniel gave a bone to	Nathan
Later, Laura and James went to the restaurant. James gave a computer to	Laura
Later, Rachel and Erin went to the school. Erin gave a kiss to	Rachel
Later, Kenneth and Jason went to the school. Jason gave a kiss to	Kenneth
Later, Robert and Justin went to the hospital. Justin gave a necklace to	Robert
Later, Tyler and Paul went to the station. Paul gave a drink to	Tyler
Later, Robert and Brian went to the office. Brian gave a snack to	Robert
Later, Adam and Andrea went to the store. Andrea gave a drink to	Adam
Later, Michael and Rebecca went to the school. Rebecca gave a bone to	Michael
Later, Allison and William went to the office. William gave a drink to	Allison
Later, Amber and Nathan went to the store. Nathan gave a computer to	Amber
Later, Brittany and Benjamin went to the garden. Benjamin gave a necklace to	Brittany
Later, Patrick and Jamie went to the restaurant. Jamie gave a computer to	Patrick
Later, Bryan and Nathan went to the hospital. Nathan gave a drink to	Bryan
Later, Ashley and Lauren went to the office. Lauren gave a necklace to	Ashley
Later, David and Kristen went to the station. Kristen gave a necklace to	David
Later, Brandon and Thomas went to the house. Thomas gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Erica and Joseph went to the house. Joseph gave a drink to	Erica
Later, William and Anthony went to the office. Anthony gave a necklace to	William
Later, Charles and Stephen went to the office. Stephen gave a necklace to	Charles
Later, Steven and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a kiss to	Steven
Later, Cody and Kevin went to the house. Kevin gave a ring to	Cody
Later, Mary and Elizabeth went to the store. Elizabeth gave a drink to	Mary
Later, Elizabeth and Lisa went to the hospital. Lisa gave a bone to	Elizabeth
Later, Amy and Vanessa went to the house. Vanessa gave a kiss to	Amy
Later, Cody and Amy went to the office. Amy gave a kiss to	Cody
Later, William and James went to the hospital. James gave a kiss to	William
Later, Katie and Samuel went to the school. Samuel gave a computer to	Katie
Later, Bradley and Jesse went to the station. Jesse gave a bone to	Bradley
Later, Anthony and Michael went to the garden. Michael gave a ring to	Anthony
Later, Brandon and Christine went to the office. Christine gave a ring to	Brandon
Later, Joseph and Shannon went to the garden. Shannon gave a drink to	Joseph
Later, Emily and Ryan went to the hospital. Ryan gave a ring to	Emily
Later, Samuel and Richard went to the garden. Richard gave a kiss to	Samuel
Later, Brittany and Angela went to the hospital. Angela gave a drink to	Brittany
Later, Megan and Tyler went to the garden. Tyler gave a ring to	Megan
Later, Nicole and William went to the house. William gave a drink to	Nicole
Later, Dustin and Megan went to the garden. Megan gave a snack to	Dustin
Later, Anthony and Charles went to the office. Charles gave a drink to	Anthony
Later, Travis and Joshua went to the garden. Joshua gave a drink to	Travis
Later, Gregory and Timothy went to the restaurant. Timothy gave a snack to	Gregory
Later, Joshua and Courtney went to the school. Courtney gave a kiss to	Joshua
Later, Courtney and Justin went to the garden. Justin gave a kiss to	Courtney
Later, Dustin and John went to the store. John gave a basketball to	Dustin
Later, Amy and David went to the restaurant. David gave a ring to	Amy
Later, Jacob and Jamie went to the school. Jamie gave a bone to	Jacob
Later, Sarah and Allison went to the garden. Allison gave a drink to	Sarah
Later, Scott and Christina went to the office. Christina gave a snack to	Scott
Later, Aaron and Courtney went to the hospital. Courtney gave a ring to	Aaron
Later, Katherine and Aaron went to the hospital. Aaron gave a basketball to	Katherine
Later, Kimberly and Ashley went to the hospital. Ashley gave a computer to	Kimberly
Later, Amy and Jose went to the garden. Jose gave a necklace to	Amy
Later, Kenneth and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a necklace to	Kenneth
Later, Kyle and Christopher went to the hospital. Christopher gave a computer to	Kyle
Later, Jason and Mary went to the school. Mary gave a drink to	Jason
Later, Jeffrey and Danielle went to the restaurant. Danielle gave a computer to	Jeffrey
Later, Steven and Ryan went to the station. Ryan gave a kiss to	Steven
Later, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a snack to	Gregory
Later, Kyle and Christine went to the station. Christine gave a ring to	Kyle
Later, Joseph and William went to the garden. William gave a kiss to	Joseph
Later, Kevin and Crystal went to the restaurant. Crystal gave a necklace to	Kevin
Later, Benjamin and Michelle went to the house. Michelle gave a ring to	Benjamin
Later, Gregory and Bryan went to the restaurant. Bryan gave a basketball to	Gregory
Later, Lauren and Angela went to the school. Angela gave a necklace to	Lauren
Later, Stephanie and John went to the office. John gave a necklace to	Stephanie
Later, Brandon and Lauren went to the restaurant. Lauren gave a necklace to	Brandon
Later, Charles and Jason went to the station. Jason gave a ring to	Charles
Later, Shannon and Christina went to the house. Christina gave a necklace to	Shannon
Later, Courtney and Heather went to the restaurant. Heather gave a bone to	Courtney
Later, Gregory and Richard went to the school. Richard gave a necklace to	Gregory
Later, Charles and Jeremy went to the hospital. Jeremy gave a snack to	Charles
Later, Daniel and Megan went to the hospital. Megan gave a bone to	Daniel
Later, Rachel and Sean went to the house. Sean gave a necklace to	Rachel
Later, Tiffany and Benjamin went to the station. Benjamin gave a ring to	Tiffany
Later, Danielle and Vanessa went to the school. Vanessa gave a bone to	Danielle
Later, Allison and Dustin went to the garden. Dustin gave a snack to	Allison
Later, Christopher and Andrew went to the office. Andrew gave a ring to	Christopher
Later, Erica and Alicia went to the store. Alicia gave a bone to	Erica
Later, Bryan and Sarah went to the office. Sarah gave a ring to	Bryan
Later, Christine and Jose went to the restaurant. Jose gave a bone to	Christine
Later, Sean and Andrea went to the school. Andrea gave a necklace to	Sean
Later, Kevin and Lisa went to the house. Lisa gave a drink to	Kevin
Later, Michael and Crystal went to the store. Crystal gave a bone to	Michael
